1	02 DECEMBER 2014, TECHNOLOGY Artificial intelligence explained Watch 02 DECEMBER 2014, TECHNOLOGY Do robots pose a threat to our jobs?
2	07:53: Darling on the NHS Alistair Darling, campaign leader of Better Together, has been speaking about the NHS this morning.
3	08 JUNE 2010, SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT How to move a nest of feral bees Watch 08 JUNE 2010, SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT Stirling Prize 2014 Which is the UK's best new building?
4	10:02: The National 'is here to stay' Scotland's new pro-independence newspaper The National, which began a five-day trial on Monday, is to become a permanent fixture.
5	10. Ex-Bank Chairman Arrested 11. Paris Police investigating two shootings 12. Yellen: Committed to supporting recovery 1. Optimistic view of a difficult election 2. The leader of France's "National Front" 3. Rogue Libyan general: Salvation or menace?
6	10 July 2014 Last updated at 08:55 Article written by Nick Triggle Health correspondent The NHS budget: Five things we've learned The NHS budget is under the microscope like never before.
7	10. People tend to listen more attentively to feedforward than feedback.
8	10 plane crashes that changed aviation April 11, 2014 -- Updated 0412 GMT (1212 HKT) After air disasters, protocol, technology and laws are often changed to avert similar incidents.
9	10. Why do so many liberals despise Christianity?
10	11 things to know about Myanmar August 29, 2014 -- Updated 2043 GMT (0443 HKT) How do Burmese punks keep their mohawks standing tall?
11	13. You've been out of uni longer than you were ever there. 14. It is no longer acceptable to refer to people by school years, even though it is the easiest way to establish whether you and your new acquaintances can ever be friends.
12	150 women flock to Betoota for the Channel Country Ladies Day All roads led to Betoota over the weekend, as 150 women drove hundreds, even thousands of kilometres for a weekend of fun, relaxation and networking in outback Queensland.
13	18 hours News Philip Chism, 15, from Danvers, Mass., and his attorney Denise Regan look toward the bench in a courtroom at his arraignment in January.
14	1978 - Appointed as the Vice Chairman of the National Democratic Party (NDP).
15	19 hours News Plaintiff Michael Egan III, center, has dropped his sex-abuse lawsuit against former TV programming executive Garth Ancier.
16	1. Skip to navigation 2. Skip to content 3. Skip to sidebar 4. Go to Mobile Site Home » News » Local News Suspect sought in alleged auto break-in theft at Queen & Woodbine Suspect sought in connection with an auto theft investigation.
17	1. The Kill Switch by James Rollins and Grant Blackwood (William Morrow, fiction, on sale May 13) What it's about: Rogue agent Tucker Wayne and his dog Kane must get a Russian pharmaceutical magnate out of Siberia.
18	1. Want to buy a castle?
19	2014 primary calendar Voters head to the polls over the coming months to choose their candidates for November's general election.
20	21st Century Fox (FOX) will report after the close. 3. Elections and economics: Midterm elections have arrived in the U.S. The results will determine what President Obama can get done in his final two years in office.
21	22 hours Health A new study finds that 30 percent of women have used the withdrawal method of birth control in the past month, but most combine it with other forms of contraception to make sure to avoid having babies.
22	• 25 coaches with an ECHL background are working behind the benches of teams in the NHL including Anaheim Ducks head coach Bruce Boudreau, Nashville Predators head coach Peter Laviolette and New York Islanders head coach Jack Capuano.
23	2. An early version of MITT was never released.
24	2 November 2014 Last updated at 05:36 A Point of View: Four types of anxiety, and how to cure them Continue reading the main story Anxious by nature, Adam Gopnik has spent years looking for cures for his constant worrying.
25	2. The problem probably wasn’t limited to one department.
26	3:47 Now watching Up next Clinton 'roars' at Grimes rally LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WHAS11) – Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke to an energized crowd of supporters.
27	35 members of the Besiktas football team's fan club, known as the Carsi, are accused of planning an armed rebellion and inciting protests against the Erdogan government.
28	“365 residents attended and most were disappointed.
29	385. Because you don't just say no to the dress.
30	3. At age 18, Maya Angelou vowed never to return to the South, and she kept that vow until she was 40. Angelou called the South the "land of painful reminders."
31	3D also failed to take off as quickly as manufacturers had hoped because of a lack of content.
32	3. Fewer cases of lung cancer reported Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report The CDC found declines in lung cancer among both men and women from 2005 to 2009, according to a new report.
33	3)Yes, Chrysler and Detroit are both trying to make a come back, and this is why it makes the ad so much more appealing.
34	4. Coho Festival Live music and fresh salmon will be the highlights of the Coho Festival happening on the waterfront at West Vancouver's Ambleside Park on Sunday.
35	4. Find your next job with Gazette-Mail Jobs.
36	4) Island 22 Regional Park, Chilliwack Go to the boat launch at the park: "It really gives you an indication of just how huge the recreational fishery is," Clapton said.
37	4. Lincoln's Boys by Joshua Zeitz (Viking, non-fiction, on sale Feb. 4) What it's about: The "boys" are not Abraham Lincoln's sons but rather his secretaries John Hay and John Nicolay, and how they defined the president's legacy after his death.
38	4. Put the agreement in writing.
39	56 people killed on NI roads in 2013 Housing plan for former factory How fasting changed my body for the better The prisoner who used imaginary chess to keep himself sane Which anti-obesity scheme was too much for some to swallow?
40	5. A wariness to step in To be sure, the President's stance has its critics.
41	5. Due to the pharmaceutical companies' hold on patents that prevent generic versions from being produced, drugs used to combat HIV are expensive - a therapy can cost several thousand dollars a month.
42	5 hours Business Tammi Warren (L) wears her pistol strapped to her hip during an Open Carry Gun supporters rally in front of the Romulus Police Department in Romulus, Mich., on April 27, 2014.
43	5. It was the trousers.
44	5. Lower heat to medium-high; sauté mushrooms, onion, and shallots with a pinch of salt in the hot skillet until golden and caramelized, 7 to 12-minutes.
45	5. Or you are a crown servant or a member of Her Majesty's Armed Forces who is unable to make it to a polling station.
46	5. Yao Ming's effort to end poaching 6. Hot Toys: not your typical action figure 7. What lies ahead for drones?
47	6. Anthony Bourdain visits Chiang Mai City 7. Greens & fried okra & neck bones, oh my!
48	7:15 The competition When the original Nook Tablet came out, it was easy to forgive some of its shortcomings, just because the price was fairly low.
49	7:43 Now watching Up next Fed Won’t Hike Until We See Inflation Pick Up: Rooney Dec. 26 –- Bulltick Capital Markets Global Strategist Kathryn Rooney discusses oil prices, the Fed and her outlook for 2105.
50	7. A golfing history of Royal Liverpool 8. McIlroy targets Open improvement 9. Will Donald Trump's Turnberry be a success?
51	7. Is that plastic on your teeth?
52	7. Shia militia arrive to defend shrines 8. Military advisers assess Iraqi military 9. 'Al-Maliki not the man for the job' 10. Iraq getting ready for the Su-25 11. Will Ahmed Chalabi be Iraq's next leader?
53	8. 15 tips for a squeaky clean fridge 9. 6 things the happiest families all have in common 10. Should you hope to die at 75? Absolutely not.
54	8 6 furlongs, purse $11,650, 3-year-old, fillies, claiming $12,500/$10,000 Strawberry Dawn continues down the class ladder after running a dud as the favorite.
55	8) Watch your salt intake We’ve all heard the anti-sugar debate recently but what about salt?
56	9. Hot air ballooning When people visit the city and talk of getting high, it doesn't necessarily mean they're hunting for the Crosby, Stills and Nash "Marrakech Express" vibe of the 1960s hippie trail.
57	9. Londoners rally for Scotland to stay 10. Will Scottish tradition effect the vote?
58	A $10 download of one game could lead to a lot more 99¢ purchases to enhance the experience.
59	A 22-year-old woman suffered a wound to her back from bullet fragments and was taken in stable condition to West Suburban Medical Center.
60	A 25-year-old videographer from Colorado named Brandon Serna posted a tearful video online commenting on the aftermath of the announcement.
61	A $2-billion plan to buy armoured fighting vehicles for the army was scrapped just before Christmas.
62	A 31-year-old woman and two men, aged 33 and 30, have been arrested.
63	A 77-inch model will hit shelves later this year.
64	Aaron Lacy serves a one-match ban against Tooting while Toby Ashmore (back) and Dave Botterill (hamstring) will both be assessed.
65	Aaron Shill is the editor of Features and Mormon Times at the Deseret News.
66	“A bad, bad storm come through right about as we would be taking off,” Bohn said, “So then they kept giving these delays.”
67	Abadi has promised to offer amnesties and to stop the bombardment of cities, a move Allawi said convinced him of Abadi's resolve.
68	Abandoned Corner Gas set gets fixup Brent Butt created and starred in Corner Gas, which was popular with both audiences and critics for its six-season run.
69	A Banksy mural of a dog urinating on a fire hydrant draws attention October 4. This installation, seen October 9 on the Lower East Side, depicts stampeding horses in night-vision goggles.
70	Abbott had previously said he would physically confront the Russian president over the Flight 17 disaster that killed 298 people.
71	Abdul-Jabbaar also sent messages that he was trying to get his hands on a gun and that he would be traveling to Ferguson, the document said.
72	Abdullah said the turnout figure was inflated.
73	Abe's trip to attend the Games… The squirrels of Moscow's parks (8 photos) One by one, the bushy-tailed residents of Moscow's parks have been disappearing.
74	A: Beyond the certified ceiling, the engines would eventually lose the ability to produce enough thrust to continue the climb.
75	A: Border patrol agents at Washington's Dulles International Airport and New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, in particular, are looking out for travelers who might have been exposed to the virus.
76	About 125 acres already had gone to Episcopal Academy, a prestigious Main Line prep school that built a new campus there in 2008.
77	About 150 people - adults, children and staff - waited on the grass outside the centre.
78	About 15 police officers were standing a short distance away but were not trying to resist the separatists.
79	About 167 truckloads of water will be needed to transport the waste water from holding ponds in Debert to the cement plant.
80	About 2.2 million people have signed up for health insurance as required by the Affordable Care Act via federal and state marketplaces through Dec. 28, according to a reportreleased by the Department of Health and Human Services Monday.
81	About 25 million lightning flashes are recorded yearly in the United States.
82	About $30,000 is being earmarked for the review.
83	"About 75 percent of that has never been seen before at (the Musical Instrument Museum) because we continue to build and refine our collection."
84	About an hour later in his Tacoma home, Tillman loaded his bong with Copper Cush.
85	About half of the estimated crowd of 500 remained after halftime, unwilling to continue to brave temperatures in the mid-20s.
86	About half want to maintain existing legal rights and the other half is anxious to drop the fight and quickly approve the funding.
87	About halfway up the columns are two-armed antique brass chandeliers, modernized for electric lights.
88	About the kindest word we can use to describe this approach to curbing international cyber espionage and cybercrime is "quaint."
89	About this he will admit, “It turned out better than I thought.”
90	About Weglo Japan Inc. Weglo Japan Inc. is an international business support platform based in Tokyo.
91	Abraham H. Foxman, a Holocaust survivor from Poland, is National Director of the Anti-Defamation League.
92	A breakdown of order in Libya has made it almost impossible to police the traffickers who pack people into rickety boats and charge them some $1,000 each for the passage.
93	Abreu, 27, was a unanimous choice for the American League award capturing all 30 first-place votes for 150 points from members of the Baseball Writers' Association of America.
94	A Brief History of Time (Bantam, $18) and The Theory of Everything (Jaico, $15) by Stephen Hawking.
95	Academy not offended?
96	"A Capitol Fourth" will be broadcast Friday at 8 p.m. on PBS and NPR.
97	A Casualty in the Morning News Wars The battle of morning news shows resulted in a high-profile firing this week as NBC dumped Jamie Horowitz, who was brought in from ESPN just two months ago to turnaround the fortunes of the "Today" show.
98	A cause of the crash was not immediately known.
99	Accessing the data is arduous and subject to significant governmental oversight.
100	Access to supportive care plays a big part in whether a person will survive the fight against the Ebola virus, said Dr. Saul Hymes, a pediatric infectious-disease specialist at Stony Brook Children's Hospital in New York.
101	According to accounts written down by those making the journey, the toughest part of the trail took them through Elmore County.
102	According to a study released this week by the Public Interest Advocacy Centre, Canadians pay over $500 million a year in paper billing fees.
103	According to Beck, hog prices are reflecting the damage the virus has done in the United States.
104	According to charging documents, the two were caught operating a city-owned flatbed tow truck and removing items from the tow lot.
105	According to evidence produced as part of the criminal case against Ethan's father, Gordon Collins-Faunce, the police made two of those calls but hotline workers decided that neither merited a response.
106	According to her read, a felony under the legislation requires a direct exchange by someone without a license.
107	According to her website, Sykes has been writing about hiking on Mount Rainier since 1979, including her book "Hidden Hikes in Western Washington."
108	According to IMDB.
109	According to Mr. Shambry, "I know I am too stoopid to rob a bank, so I decided to rob a Subway."
110	According to one study, how we choose our spouses has boosted inequality substantially.
111	According to police, the chemicals expired and were crystallized, which made them dangerous.
112	According to prosecutors, they illegally penetrated into the Nagorno-Karabakh region of Shahumyan and killed 17-year-old resident of the village of Nor Erkej Smbat Tsakanyan.
113	According to reports, Arthur will continue to strengthen and will reach a category two in strength prior to landfall as early as the evening on July 3. This image was taken by GOES East at 1945Z on July 3, 2014.
114	According to reports, shortly after 1:00am a fight occurred at a nightclub located on Elizabeth Avenue resulting in three men being stabbed to the body.
115	According to Rubin, EFI will work to make sure that this type of "administrative error" won't happen again.
116	According to sources in the IDF, the two were armed and were trying to sabotage the army's operational infrastructure at the border.
117	According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the incubation period for hepatitis A is between 15 and 50 days.
118	According to the city, the plan - as of 2013 - has a funding shortfall of $240 million.
119	According to the Council, contaminated aquifers may remain contaminated (depending on the nature of the contaminants) for hundreds or thousands of years.
120	According to the FDA, aspirin can lead to bleeding in the intestines or the brain.
121	According to the Mortgage Bankers Association, sales of new homes are expected to climb by more than 13% in 2015, while existing home sales are expected to increase by 5%.
122	According to the Office of Planning, she will step down on February 23 to become the Director for the Office of Sustainable Housing and Communities at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
123	According to the preliminary report, Inman was driving a 2002 Mitsubishi west on Highway 18, 1.4 miles east of Manila when his vehicle crossed the center line in the path of the 1997 Nissan driven by Hill.
124	According to Todd Lindley of the National Weather Service in Amarillo, we are beginning an active period of whether beginning tonight and going through the weekend.
125	According to Tolmach, the scientist said: "I have to tell you, you guys nailed the look of the lab so specifically."
126	According to Twitter, there were 35.6 million tweets about the match at last count, making it the most-talked-about sports game on the social network ever.
127	A chance for youth to talk with others about their experiences & concerns related to identifying as Transgender.
128	A change in direction alters options.
129	A check was presented before last Thursday's home game against the Cardinals to the Backstoppers, which provides financial assistance to families of police officers, firefighters and paramedics killed in the line of duty.
130	A Chicago-based lawyer for the 19-year-old daughter, Heather Mack, meanwhile, says he is concerned for her well-being after she told him she has been sexually assaulted in custody.
131	A child with Kirk was taken into custody.
132	Acknowledge your weaknesses, and work on improving them.
133	A clogged stormed drain outside Lake Merritt Bakery caused a road..
134	A closeup of the finished doorway to the hut.
135	A CNN team in Slovyansk heard about 10 explosions in what sounded like the outskirts of the town, following shelling overnight around a militant barricade.
136	A complimentary hot breakfast buffet is available each morning in the lobby.
137	Across the country, Fiddler added, thousands of kids may have died in these schools.
138	A crowd enters the grounds of an Ebola isolation center in the West Point slum on August 16. The mob was reportedly shouting, "No Ebola in West Point."
139	Activist Toure said it was her husband, Alabama State Sen. Hank Sanders, who was responsible for $30,000 in funding for the city of Selma to buy lapel cameras for the police force.
140	Actor Acting in the theater was off-limits, and not because it’s so hard to make it in the business.
141	AC Transit Board President Greg Harper said in a statement, “This is the first implementation of several joint projects AC Transit is planning with BART.”
142	Actually, he needs to quit looking back over his shoulder at his yesterdays and start looking ahead -- not very far ahead -- where he very much has everything to lose.
143	Adam Lind is 4 for 11 off Phelps with two homers but has missed the last three games with a sore right foot and is unlikely to play Thursday, according to the team's official website.
144	AdChoices FacebookSponsored 10 interesting facts about young Franklin D. Roosevelt Today is the birthday of the only person to run for, and win, the presidency four times: Franklin D. Roosevelt.
145	AdChoices LG Billiard ProductsSponsored The squirrels of Moscow's parks (8 photos) One by one, the bushy-tailed residents of Moscow's parks have been disappearing.
146	Adcock says "cooperation from the family is minimal."
147	Adding Lazar — a consistent hard-worker — seems like a nice fit.
148	Adding to the danger for Afghanistan, an agreement with Washington to allow a smaller U.S. military presence after most foreign forces leave remains unsigned, as Karzai had wanted to leave it to his successor.
149	Adding to the difficulty, the enemies don't move in prescripted paths; rather, they react dynamically to the player's actions.
150	Add in recruits Karl-Anthony Towns (6-11), Trey Lyles (6-10), Devin Booker and Tyler Ulis, and the Wildcats could have a 12-player rotation.
151	Additionally, Cannizzaro named Tenisha Stevens, an investigator with the DA’s office since 2003, as the deputy chief investigator.
152	Additional reporting by Bloomberg This story has been viewed 541 times.
153	Add More Videos or Photos You've contributed successfully to: Book Buzz: 'Stress Test' is a USA TODAY best seller Thanks!
154	Add More Videos or Photos You've contributed successfully to: Milan vice president says club may sell Balotelli Thanks!
155	Add More Videos or Photos You've contributed successfully to: Pablo Larrazabal defeats Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson Thanks!
156	Add More Videos or Photos You've contributed successfully to: Pirazzi wins 17th Giro stage; Quintana keeps lead Thanks!
157	Addressing a Kremlin meeting on weapons modernization, Putin ominously warned the West against getting "hysterical" about Moscow's re-arming efforts, in view of U.S. missile defense plans and other decisions he said have challenged Russia's security.
158	Addressing reporters outside the court, National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) spokesman Nathi Mncube referred to "a lack of understanding" in the case.
159	Addressing the spectators during an on-court interview, Gulbis said: “I’m sorry I had to win.
160	Add the water about a third at a time, until you have a soft, slightly sticky dough.
161	A decade after the sequel, "Barbershop 2: Back In Business," hit cinemas, Ice Cube is back in talks with bosses at MGM Studios to pick up the clippers once again, according to Deadline.
162	A decision is expected in the coming months and could be appealed to a higher US court.
163	A decision whether to keep pursuing the Sunnyside Charter Academy would come from the board.
164	A defensive mix-up ended with Bürki clearing the ball straight to Joselu, and the striker made no mistake slotting into the empty net in added time.
165	A diehard USC Trojan, I've been an adviser to two USC presidents, and I serve as a University Fellow at USC’s Center for Public Diplomacy and a member of the Pacific Council for International Policy.
166	A diving Cesar could not get his hands to final attempt from Chile but was aided by the goal post as Gonzalo Jara's kick from the penalty spot bounced off the woodwork to send Brazil into the quarterfinals.
167	Adjusted for inflation, the median annual salary for translators and interpreters rose from $44,500 to $53,410 between 2004 and 2012, according to Labor Department data.
168	Adopting a stern tone, the president said the nation has become "numb" to the statistics.
169	Advanced tickets are sold out, but people can get in free at the door.
170	"Advertising to the LGBT community is working.
171	Advocates claim tougher regulations would mean better protection for groups that eat more fish than average, such as Native American tribes.
172	Aerial view of the Christ the Redeemer statue atop Corcovado Hill, overlooking the Maracana stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
173	"A fabulous athlete, great citizen, stayed clean through all the controversies, played through the steroid era but in a way he has just kind of been doing it quietly," said George Belch, marketing professor at San Diego State University.
174	A family secret that changed his life June 28, 2014 -- Updated 1227 GMT (2027 HKT) David Martinez grew up thinking he was just an average American kid.
175	A few days later, the Wisconsin National Guard said it was suspending a member from honor guard duty after she posted a picture on Instagram of a group of soldiers striking comedic poses around an empty, flag-draped coffin.
176	A few Democrats have tried blaming conservatives for cuts to the health system, and some Republicans have used the outbreak to bolster their case for a clampdown on the southern border.
177	A few minutes before a get-together at my house, I like to open the front door and spray outside.
178	A few minutes later, someone said a balloon was on fire.
179	A few of the "insurance dollars" might have been better spent developing these and other community treatment resources.
180	A few runners stop to stretch under the shade of leafy jacarandas while traffic roars down Wilshire, hurtling past eons of history.
181	A few things did change.
182	A few weeks after the storm took out electricity, water service and other utilities locally, Tedder was deployed with the National Guard to Charleston, where the hurricane crashed into the coast, causing billions of dollars worth of damage.
183	Affleck: Before I took the role, Warner Bros. gave me a bunch of past reactions to casting and said, "Are you sure you want to get into this?
184	Afghanistan Suicide bomber targets Afghan soldiers near Kabul A suicide bomber has killed at least six Afghan troops in Kabul's outskirts.
185	Afghan mullah sentenced to 20 years for raping girl in mosque Mullah Mohammad Amin was confronted in court by his veiled 10-year-old victim, whom he was convicted of raping in May.
186	A former test pilot, Culbertson was selected as a NASA astronaut candidate in 1984.
187	A foundation established by late New York Yankees owner George Steinbrenner will pay for the education expenses of the two children of slain officer Rafael Ramos, a spokeswoman said on Monday.
188	A fourth dog was seriously injured in May after jumping over the ledge, described by hospital staff as particularly dangerous for the animals.
189	Africa is not an educational project for the West; rather, it’s a growing continent and should be respected as such.
190	African church preaching gospel in US One of Africa's biggest Christian movements, the Redeemed Christian Church of God, is spreading across the United States.
191	"After 1999 we saw the result of our politics - it was very bad in all social spheres.
192	"After 41 years of voting for bigger government and liberal policies, it is sad but not surprising that Senator Cochran is attempting to court liberal Democrats in a desperate attempt to win a Republican primary," McDaniel said last week.
193	After a 12 month consultation."
194	After all, "If you can splurge for this, you have a lot to be thankful for," he said.
195	After all, only in Asia do great powers with great stocks of nuclear weapons still face each other down, Cold War-style.
196	After all, the magazine’s Andre Leon Talley accompanied the couple to the aforementioned Valentino lunch, and we have to say, his descriptions were fairly superlative.
197	After all the polls had reported, he had captured 83.2 per cent of the vote.
198	After all, this was a Netherlands team which had dismantled reigning world champion Spain 5-1, beaten Chile comfortably and fought back to see off Australia.
199	After an empty possession from each team, Oklahoma City was whistled for a five-second turnover on the inbounds.
200	After a tense night, police could be seen early Tuesday throwing flash-bang grenades into the cafe in video aired by Seven Network.
201	After being snubbed by the Grammys, Bieber headed for London to celebrate his big day.
202	After commemorating the war dead, EU heads travel to Brussels to discuss who should be the next EU Commission president.
203	After consultation between our medical team and representatives of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we think the right thing to do is to bring our guests home early, and use the extra time to sanitize the ship even more thoroughly."
204	After defeat to Udinese on Sunday, planned talks over a contract extension — Benitez’s current deal runs out at the end of the season — have been put on hold, according to Il Mattino on Monday.
205	After helping Russia win a bronze medal two weeks ago, Grigorenko found himself once again in limbo once he rejoined the Sabres last week.
206	After Leslie's death, Gillrie's mother, Maud, moved her and her two siblings to California and then back to Vancouver where the family settled and her mother eventually remarried.
207	After listing the name and the price of the Moto X+1 flagship smartphone, Motorola has now apparently mentioned on its site a completely new Moto G Cinema handset that could also be released soon.
208	After local sales came to “a screeching halt” in August, they picked up a bit in September before slowing again in October, said Bob Papke, a RE/MAX agent who covers Issaquah and Sammamish.
209	After many failed legal challenges, a last-ditch emergency appeal to remain in Canada was rejected just 18 hours before his deportation, scheduled for Oct. 23, 2012.
210	After more than 200 stitches, the girl was sent home to recuperate.
211	After she drove her children into the ocean at Daytona Beach, Wilkerson tried to fight off rescuers in a dramatic scene caught on videotape.
212	After some residents and businesses again sought relocation, Australia Post initiated community consultation this year between February 25 and March 25. This included a sign on the old postbox seeking feedback on the proposal and newspaper advertising.
213	” After spending two years patrolling Baghdad on foot and in Humvees as an infantryman, Matignas and everyone in his battalion returned to the United States safely, despite a few firefights and run-ins with improvised explosive devices.
214	After storming into the airport grounds, gunmen took shelter in two sections of the airport, said senior police officer Ghulam Qadir Thebo.
215	After that, how much more you pay depends on where you live.
216	After the accident, she underwent a life-saving procedure at a Scottsdale hospital and rehabilitation in Colorado.
217	After the case was reopened, Doran's team interviewed dozens of witnesses who painted Nodier as a fearsome con man who had taken advantage of Thompson.
218	After the fall of high-flying politician Bo Xilai, Chinese authorities have launched a series of investigations against top party officials.
219	After the guilty pleas, Murrain told KATU News he feels like justice is "kind of" being served.
220	After the photo, he asked if there was some way he could meet Turbin and have his 12th Man flag signed.
221	After the spill, state and federal agencies scrambled to identify how much of the material that leaked could be safely in the water supply.
222	After three overtime thrillers, Game 5 is at 9 p.m. ET on Tuesday at Oklahoma City.
223	After U.S. Special Operations Forces killed its maniacal founder Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in 2006, the group has shown little interest in attacking the West.
224	After WSU failed to get into ASU territory, the Sun Devils got consecutive first downs and set up a 47-yard field goal by Zane Gonzalez that put them ahead, 31-24.
225	After years of fighting, the Seminoles were pushed into south Florida at an enormous cost to the Army in casualties and material.
226	A fundraiser for Dye’s family has raised more than $14,000 in three days.
227	A further list and description of risks and uncertainties at Integrys can be found in Integrys's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and in its reports filed on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K.
228	Again, awesome site! tuinlantaarn May 6, 2011 11:53 AM Just got done looking for this topic in the major article directories and was extremely disappointed by the lack of relevant information.
229	Against that backdrop, advocates say the federal review appears stacked against the wolves.
230	A gaze that lingers a second too long makes me panic.
231	A "ghost bike" has been put up near to the site of the accident that killed the 18-year-old on the A258 Dover to Deal Road at Ringwould in September 2013.
232	Aging Russian military scales up rearmament 17.05.2014 NATO's secretary general has once again warned of Russia's military capacities.
233	A gold watch is visible under his leather jacket, and he smells of Paco Rabanne "1 Million" cologne, which he bought at Kaufland, a German hypermarket chain.
234	A government report last week showed labor costs increased at their slowest pace in more than two years in the first quarter.
235	A Grande Starbucks Iced Flavored Latte with 2% milk and your choice of syrup has about 28 grams of sugar.
236	A gray Honda bumps and runs over a man "It could take just one viewer," office says In the two weeks since the incident, the motorists has eluded them.
237	A great rivalry is built on the respect of excellence of your opponent.
238	A great work culture can heavily influence an individual's decision to stay or go.
239	Agriculture and Hanford pose challenges for the GOP candidates.
240	AgriLife Extension Agent Justin Hansard explains that pasture renovation is an important aspect to keeping pastures and grazing in healthy condition.
241	A group of former CIA officials posted a response online, at the domain name CIASavedLives.
242	• A guest should not focus exclusively on gratifying the stomach.
243	Agustin is the one in bed with his bf Frank, and after he suddenly decides he's moving to Oakland, he has to tell his roommate Patrick, and Patrick goes about "killing two birds with one stone" by roommate hunting on OKCupid.
244	“A happy kid” Today, Smith said, Emilio hardly resembles the boy who walked through her doors earlier this year.
245	A Harman/Kardon audio system is available for the first time.
246	Ahead of President Barack Obama's visit to Seoul later this week, a US official said showing support to ally South Korea in a "very heartbreaking situation" would form "a big part of his trip".
247	Ahead of the interview, host Ruth Langford said: "It was just two weeks ago she was here in the studio - obviously we didn't know it would be her last ever."
248	A helpful reminder in the body of your invitation (“I remember how much fun it was traveling to Tel Aviv with you in 1993.”) can help refresh the memory of classmates you haven’t been in touch with for a while.
249	A higher percentage increase in population earned a higher score for growth, according to the study.
250	A high-surf advisory remains in effect until 6 p.m. Tuesday, with 6-foot to 9-foot surf in the forecast for south shores, according to the National Weather Service office in Honolulu.
251	A history of doping exposed August 7, 2013 -- Updated 1632 GMT (0032 HKT) CNN's Fred Pleitgen exposes a history of German government-funded doping throughout the Cold War.
252	Ahmed Hariri remains optimistic that the trial will pave the way for justice in Lebanon.
253	A huge silver donut-shaped building in Cupertino, California, encircling an orchard.
254	Aid projects have been suspended because of the violence, of particular concern where disease is already rife.
255	Aiming high, stooping low July 2, 2014 -- Updated 1032 GMT (1832 HKT) Getty photographer Mike Hewitt talks about his iconic shots including how he snapped this famous horror tackle from Nigel de Jong.
256	A: I’m not an expert in psychiatry, but we all have the feature of resilience.
257	Airbus (EADSF) has failed to sign up any new airlines for the twin-deck plane this year.
258	Air Canada rouge operates a fleet consisting of Boeing 767-300ER and Airbus A319 aircraft.
259	Air Max 90 April 24, 2011 9:56 PM Hellishly cooperative, I will definately be returning because i begin my subsequent task.
260	Air pollution in over half of 1,600 cities surveyed is now above safe limits of Particulate Matter (PM), with the highest cost borne by the poorer regions of South-East Asia and the Western Pacific.
261	Air strikes are among the options being considered, White House spokesman Jay Carney said.
262	AJ Gale is a character with his own history and motivations, but he's also much less defined than most video game heroes.
263	A journey of being told that "God hates fags" or "You're going to hell" and even "God doesn't love you", finally ended when I found Park Avenue Christian Church -- an open and affirming church in NYC, where we embrace the divinity of difference.
264	• A July 2007 preliminary drawing of a new Meyer’s High School design plan.
265	"Aksel's rock solid, doesn't really take risks that often.
266	A lack of disclosure requirements makes it almost impossible to tell how or when airlines have hedged, and none would discuss details of their strategies.
267	Al-Amoudi, a UAE-based Saudi journalist, was stopped when she went to deliver food and a blanket to al-Hathloul at the border, activists and relatives said.
268	A landslide in the eastern town of Cerska has buried two women in their homes but they are still alive.
269	A larger Phase II study is underway, the company said, one that will be used to confirm the results and to seek approval.
270	A large variety in designs and easy customization tools help users to send invitations to multiple guests with the ease of one click.
271	Al-Assad said the country will go on with reconciliation efforts along with its fight against terrorism.
272	Al-Assima, in a news bulletin, said equipment was destroyed and staff were missing.
273	Alaverdian said the work is hard and seasonal and the days are long — sometimes he’ll put in 14 hours or more.
274	A law-enforcement source said Kevin McDaniel, a Seattle police officer, went on paid administrative leave Thursday afternoon because of his alleged connection to the investigation.
275	Alberta announces 3 new schools, 1 expansion for Edmonton New schools planned for southern Alberta "We've announced a very ambitious infrastructure project.
276	"Albertans follow a recognized and fair democratic process for elections in good faith and they expect their elected officials to follow that decision," said Stier.
277	Alderon says it is offering to pay $60 million toward the cost, which it describes as its "fair share" of the tab.
278	A leading figure of the women's movement in the 1960s, she has help rewrite rules for women She's gone from undercover journalist to starting the first U.S. female-led magazine Editor's note: Leading Women connects you to extraordinary women of our time.
279	A leading Italian football club is pursuing a new direction -- under the guidance of its new Indonesian owner.
280	Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (Babel) directed the film, with Stone, Michael Keaton, Edward Norton, Andrea Riseborough, Zach Galifianakis and Naomi Watts as stars.
281	Alexander did not respond to follow-up requests for comment about the suspension of payments from the state.
282	Alexander Roslyakov in Kamensk-Shakhtinsky, Russia, contributed to this report.
283	Alex Ross finished with 144 yards rushing and Samaje Perine had 110 with a touchdown.
284	Alfred Makurumidze was a prophet with Johane Masowe Apostolic sect, a leading spiritual congregation in Zimbabwe.
285	Algerian troops carry out search operations in the mountainous eastern Tizi Ouzou region in a desper … "The fight against terrorism must continue and be stepped up."
286	Al-Gharib’s death also came amid published reports that European intelligence agencies have shared information with the Syrian dictator’s security forces about the 1,200 European jihadists who, like al-Gharib, have joined militant groups in the civil war.
287	Al Gore, Tipper Gore, Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton wave to supporters at the Chautauqua Institution in Chautauqua, New York, after they gave speeches on family values on August 23, 1992.
288	Alibaba has said the spinoff decision was taken to comply with Chinese regulations governing third-party payments services.
289	Alienation from technology is not a problem in San Francisco or, to be fair, in most of the developed world.
290	A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
291	A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
292	Alistair is now getting basic qualifications and horticultural experience at a training company.
293	"A little bit of everything.
294	A little stress is a strong motivator, but a lot of stress is harmful and hurts your performance.
295	“Alive Inside,” a documentary about a remarkable program aimed at helping the elderly and infirm regain connection with their memories, is full of such moments; Music here seems to have a miraculous power to lift up, to awaken, to reinvigorate.
296	Alix Cohen, the other Senior Class Gift coordinator, said this year the committee will again encourage seniors to sign up for five-year gifts, which she said help “promote a culture of philanthropy” at GW.
297	All 92 officers have been decertified and suspended while the scandal is being investigated, meaning other launch officers and staff to fill in, performing 10 24-hour shifts per month, instead of the usual eight, Wilson said.
298	All along, spokespeople for that group have tried to give the impression that Proposition 1 is "just a renewal" of our current parks' levy and is as benign as all other levies we've approved.
299	"All along there's been the tension between the science and the business and marketing," Greg Lennon, co-founder of a genome research project called SNPedia, told The Verge with regards to 23andMe last year.
300	Allardyce said: "We fought very hard to get to the semi-final and won some great games and fantastic football matches, but this game fell at the wrong time for us with so many injuries and we have been heavily punished.
301	All are remembered this day.
302	All are specially licensed to prepare and detoxify the fish in accordance with Japanese law.
303	AllBackoffice is focused on helping advisors leverage tools and processes to run an efficient and scalable back office.
304	All Best Buy cares is about selling their inventory.
305	All contact points are accessible 24 hours a days, seven days a week, 365 days a year.
306	All customers see on EatHealthyCravings.com is a message that the site is coming soon.
307	All disputes and outstanding issues have been resolved," attorney Bobby Samini said in a statement to NBC News.
308	Allegations are that on June 23 at approximately 6 a.m., Tucker and the complainant, who is his wife, had an argument during which the accused allegedly began removing items of clothing, among other things belonging to the complainant, from their home.
309	Allen and ensure members of the unit are provided the assistance they need to deal with the loss of their comrade."
310	Allen’s $100 million infusion for cell science is among his largest grants.
311	All except Tseng Han-chou -- who was convicted of extortion -- can pay fines in exchange for imprisonment.
312	All infected point-of-sale terminals were taken out of service.
313	All money raised from Secret Gardens will help EllenorLions Hospices to provide vital hospice care to seriously ill children and adults and their families in the local area.
314	All of a sudden, you’re flush—but instead of being psyched, you feel like you don’t deserve this lucky break.
315	All officers involved should be fired, they demanded, and a special prosecutor should investigate complaints of excessive force.
316	All of that sets the stage for Sunday.
317	All of the interactive viewers can be seen on NASA’s site, which is linked down in our source section.
318	All of this was found near the shooting range where this photo was taken.
319	“All of us grew up knowing only one leader,” Gorohovik said, referring to the other protesters arrested that night.
320	All of us have such respect for the work our police do.
321	All of us, we feel so lucky that we are part of this," Burfoot told AFP news agency in an interview.
322	All posts are reactively-moderated and must obey the house rules Jump to comments pagination Comment number 1140.
323	All residents are encouraged to donate a non-perishable food item to benefit the Loaves and Fishes Community Food Pantry.
324	All Rights Reserved Powered by Broadcast Interactive Media.
325	All subsequent efforts to contact him have been futile.
326	All that, and more, has changed.
327	All that can be calculated are different possible sampling errors with different probabilities for pure, unweighted, random samples with 100% response rates.
328	All that remains is a trail through Wells, York, Kittery, Eliot and South Berwick.
329	All the patient has to do is visit Foot and Ankle Specialists of Utah's website while on his/her lunch break and click the "Appointment Request" button.
330	All the time we hear people say we need to bring manufacturing jobs back to America, then Inslee & Co. just try to drive them further and further away.
331	'All they said was my grandma got hit, and there were bodies everywhere.'
332	All those influences eventually led him to become a game warden, assigned to the town of Burnham.
333	All three have struck out 10. Jason Frasor also is effective and 21-year-old lefty Brandon Finnegan, who pitched for TCU in the College World Series in June, has showed poise out of the 'pen.
334	All three were lost for the game with lower leg injuries and Goldman was seen on crutches and wearing a boot on his left foot after the game.
335	All told, Messi has played a direct part in nine of Barcelona’s 12 goals in their five wins across all competitions, scoring three and assisting on six more.
336	All was going well until they were hit by thieves.
337	All we know about the future is that it will be different.
338	All were troublesome.
339	All will need physical therapy, which will take months, before they can perform.
340	Al-Maliki goes so far as to attempt to be confirmed in office on Tuesday (05.08.2014).
341	Al-Maliki said his Cabinet is exerting huge efforts to ease the suffering of displaced people, mostly Shiites and Christians who were driven out by last month's lightning offensive waged by the extremist Islamic State group and allied militants.
342	Almeria won 1-0 at Celta Vigo on Friday.
343	Almost 66 percent have topped revenue forecasts, above the historical average of 61 percent.
344	Almost a convert, I'm ready for the big one -- the slide down from the middle net to the lowest level.
345	Almost all the survivors talk about the greatest damage being the destruction of the family.
346	Almquist’s first job was as a line cook in a Mexican restaurant; Hommage is “a boomerang,” he says.
347	A local government officer familiar with the tea plantation said he believes 200-250 people may have been buried, based on the number of people usually in the area at the time.
348	A long-delayed Senate Intelligence Report reveals that communications gaps contributed to inadequate security.
349	A long-held belief Now the justice's comments this week echo his long-held belief that government and society at large is overly focused and overly sensitive on trying to solve perceived racial problems.
350	Along with other projects, the dam is draining so much financing from the economy that private investors' access to credit and foreign exchange is being jeopardised, hurting growth, the International Monetary Fund says.
351	Along with the waiver, Washington school districts lost control of about $40 million in federal education dollars and were forced to go back to the old system of evaluating schools.
352	A look back at the upheaval Microsoft's next CEO must address.
353	"A lot of people feel these companies make so much money, and … yet are oblivious."
354	"A lot of us here have been kicked out of other gun forums because of our liberal views."
355	A loud-mouthed sports fanatic of the highest order, Wale has the basketball know-how to justify his new role.
356	"A low-wage job supplemented with food stamps is becoming more common for the working poor," said Timothy Smeeding, an economics professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison who specializes in income inequality.
357	Already, Little League and other youth baseball organizations have instituted well-intentioned rules to limit pitch counts and reduce the stress on a young player's arm.
358	ALR Marketing Solutions E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.
359	Al Shabaab ruled most of the southern region of Somalia from 2006 until 2011 when forces from other African nations sent by the African Union drove them out of Mogadishu and then expelled them from most urban centers.
360	Al-Shabaab's new leader is Ahmed Omar Abu Ubaidah, spokesman Sheikh Ali Dheere said in an audio message posted online.
361	Al-Shabab in 60 seconds The group has vowed to step up attacks during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.
362	Al Shaqab Racing stunned the racing world in March by buying a half-share in Coolmore-owned Ruler Of The World, winner of the 2013 English Derby.
363	Also absent is a regional security strategy for neighboring countries like Jordan and the Gulf states, which have entered the coalition nervously and are worried about their own stability now that they are in direct confrontation with ISIS.
364	Also among the notable absentees apart from Westwood and McDowell are 2012 heroes Ian Poulter, Francesco Molinari, Nicolas Colsaerts, Paul Lawrie and Peter Hanson.
365	Also at special risk are shift workers who don't work on a set schedule, with shifts moving around at various times of the day.
366	Also Friday, complaint board chairman Richard Emery published on the website new city maps that break down complaints based on police precinct in the five boroughs.
367	Also, Giuiliani said that if the lawsuit is upheld, it could give historical figures and their heirs veto power over their depiction in books, television, movies and video games.
368	Also hidden in Anatoly’s bed were a large shard of glass that he’d pried from a smashed picture frame, and a coat hanger that had been bent into a weapon.
369	Also, if the person doing the wiretapping were one of the parties to the recorded event, they may be able to escape legal liability on the grounds that their privacy was not being violated.
370	Also in the studio will be a rotating team of 11 analysts including former U.S. players Alexi Lalas and Taylor Twellman, Everton manager Roberto Martinez, former Venezuela player Alejandro Moreno and Gilberto Silva, who won the 2002 World Cup with Brazil.
371	Also known as Ansarullah, the Shiite rebels now in Sanaa have battled the government for years, complaining of marginalisation.
372	Also on Schumer's list of White House errors: the rollout of insurance marketplaces, fixing wait lists for veterans' hospitals, dealing with the first case of Ebola in the United States, and even security at the White House itself.
373	Also recently announced, Ideum and GestureWorks—Ideum's gesture-driven app development product—will be at CES 2014 in Las Vegas to show off some of their latest tech.
374	Also seated on the front row are: House Speaker Dr. Kendal Major, Tourism Minister Obie Wilchcombe and Opposition Leader Dr Hubert Minnis.
375	Also unrealistic: that loved ones, in such circumstances, would behave like saints.
376	Alstom said it would review the proposal in the coming days.
377	Although Airbus is confident of resolving the cabin problem, the clock is ticking towards a roughly 180-day contractual deadline for delivering the first plane that was originally due in May, according to one person familiar with the matter.
378	Although more information has come out about the nature of the allegations and how they became public, questions remain.
379	Although not on the scale of the deadly clashes in Istanbul’s Gezi Park last summer, the demonstrations have been fueled by new laws imposing tighter controls on Internet use and the judiciary.
380	Although often caricatured on the right as a “bleeding-heart” liberal, she is a devout, albeit thoughtful and broad-minded Catholic and voted against easier divorce, abortion and gay adoption.
381	Although school in Little Buffalo was cancelled for several days over odour concerns, "no information exists to show if anyone in the area was at risk of any harm or suffered any health effects," the statement says.
382	Although that wasn't the case on Friday.
383	Although the cafe claimed that animal control officers accompanied the alpacas when they were rented out to other locations, it was doubtful whether the officers are animal behavior specialists or veterinarians, the society said.
384	Although the documentary offers a beautiful look at the village and Tsukimi's dolls, you can 'visit' Nagoro at your own pace thanks to the ubiquity of Google Maps' StreetView.
385	Although the harm to the animals is terrible and worthy of having Palmetto Lifeline talk about how to help the animals, where is the follow up story on the importance of fostering children as well.
386	Although there is no routine testing available for Heartland virus, protocols are in place for investigational diagnostic testing.
387	Although they were alerted more than a year ago that the city would be facing a large deficit in this budget, councilors haven’t provided any specific guidance on what type of services they would want cut to reduce to budget.
388	Although Tyler has met presidents and stars like Jay Leno, Pat Summitt raised him to be humble and true to his roots.
389	Although we'd imagine that the company would need to work on its internal security before everyone starts handing over their credit card details.
390	Alyson Queen, the director of communications for Public Works Minister Diane Finley, said the comprehensive approach resulted in the most open and transparent procurement plan in the country's history.
391	A major hurricane is considered to be Category 3 or above with winds hitting at least 111 mph (178 kph).
392	Amama Mbabazi, a lawyer, had enjoyed a close relationship with Uganda's veteran leader, but relations between the two became strained recently, with Museveni accusing Mbabazi of taking decisions in the ruling party without consulting him.
393	Amanda Swann did nothing "because she wanted (the victim) to have a baby for her," the document said.
394	A man stands under a giant Syrian flag outside the Umayyad Mosque in Damascus on December 24, 2011.
395	A map indicates the locations of seismically active subduction zones around the Pacific "Ring of Fire," including the Cascadia subduction zone, indicated as No. 3. "In a sense, it's a check on their methodology," Vidale said.
396	A March 15, 2012 email from an AHS human resources adviser reads “I have confirmed that the language referring to the ‘Ways of Being’ is Landmark Forum language.”
397	A massive rescue operation was underway at the mine in Soma, Turkey, about 150 miles south of Istanbul.
398	Amateurs have their own methods and perceptions.
399	Amazing how we have so many knowledgeable engineers here who have come to a conclusion about the problem that many other professionals in the field are having a hard time figuring out.
400	Amazon 100 books to read in a lifetime Amazon released its newly curated list of 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime on Tuesday.
401	Amazon.com hired more workers and opened new distribution centers to get goods to customers faster.
402	Amazon executives point to its European innovations, including translation technology that makes it easy for French customers to shop on Amazon’s German site, for example.
403	Amazon said it would still deliver on time and pointed out that only a minority of employees were taking part.
404	Amazon’s strategy is to broaden its target market by offering a greater number of devices.
405	AmCham therefore particularly stressed the necessity of a secure energy supply and suggested that the nation continue to use nuclear-generated electricity.
406	A medical examiner reported that Richard Jeskey was beaten and strangled and suffered cuts, punctures and bruises from head to toe in the assault.
407	A member of the Free Syrian Army looks out over a valley in the village of Ain al-Baida on December 15, 2011.
408	A member of the public is then seen using a fire extinguisher to put out the blaze at the BP garage in Greenwich, south-east London.
409	America has always been a place of reinvention.
410	American journalist Luke Somers, 33, (above) and South African teacher Pierre Korkie, 56, were shot and killed by their captors during the raid intended to secure their freedom, U.S. officials said.
411	American lawyer Helen Slottje received the award for helping communities fight fracking in New York State by discovering a legal loophole that allows individual towns to ban the oil extraction method under zoning laws.
412	American Nate McFadden, who took the photo above, said his family waited nearly three hours for a flight back to San Francisco.
413	“Americans have more favorable feelings toward Taiwan than China.
414	American singer-songwriter Alicia Keys posted this photo on her Instagram account with this message: "I'm so saddened and enraged that these girls are not back where they belong!
415	Americans shouldn’t have to abandon those protections simply because they own a business.
416	Amid the tensions, NATO has moved to reassure its members in eastern Europe by stepping up air patrols over the Baltic Sea and rotating military units in and out of countries like Poland and the Baltic republics.
417	Amid those hostilities, the stage was set for face-to-face meetings that promise to be crackling.
418	A missionary who has traveled the world to help others.
419	Amnesty International said at least 15 people had been charged or investigated under the Sedition Act this year.
420	Among assets traditionally perceived as relatively safe, the yen rose as high as 101.87 yen while the yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note hovered near lows not seen since mid-November at 2.6748 percent.
421	Among other things, what he heard was exactly what would be confirmed late in the year: West Valley City has issues, the most disturbing of which was the behavior and performance of the Police Department.
422	Among the contributors to Simmons' solo album was his girlfriend at the time, Cher.
423	Among the few markets to buck the trend were Russian stocks, up for the first time in seven sessions, albeit firmly on course for a fourth week of back-to-back falls.
424	Among them: the Niagara University women's basketball team.
425	A month after those protests, a flyer surfaced in the police community that asked Mayor Giuliani and the Police Commissioner ''be denied attendance of any memorial service in my honor as their attendance would only bring disgrace to my memory.'
426	A multimillion pound project has seen rundown properties demolished in the resort as part of the council's bid to regenerate Rhyl.
427	A musical marriage - Duo Concertante: Volinist Nancy Dahn and pianist Tim Steeves, who are husband and wife, teach music at Memorial University in St. John's and travel the world as Duo Concertante.
428	A mysterious, previously un-documented mysterious animal species found in Boise County?
429	An additional challenge, when you struggle with anxiety and parent an anxious child, is marital strain.
430	An adult mimed eating an apple to encourage them to eat; they licked the fruit instead, Drasan said.
431	An ad was placed in the paper and the only response was from John Garcea of S&J Construction,” states an administrative report on the fire hall project.
432	An affordable, higher-res Air could give Apple's Mac lineup a shot in the arm.
433	“An age-based plan will have a growth component, but unfortunately it will also have a bunch of bond funds,” he says.
434	An agreement between the United States and Japan is crucial for setting the tone for other countries engaged in the TPP: Australia, Brunei, Chile, Canada, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam.
435	An altercation ensued when the suspect grabbed the officers gun.
436	ANALYSIS: Can Seahawks keep the band together? 2. Has the Denver Broncos' time has passed?
437	Analysis, Jon Sopel, BBC North America editor Barack Obama's unpopularity in the run-up to these mid-term elections is hard to exaggerate.
438	Analysts had expected third-quarter GDP to rebound by 2.1 percent, but consumption remained weak.
439	Analysts say Credit Suisse could face fines of up to $2.0 billion, which would dwarf the $196 million fine regulators imposed last week for providing unregistered brokerage and investment advisory services to US clients.
440	Analysts say the impact will, however, depend on how effectively these, and other commitments, can be implemented.
441	Analysts were encouraged by the solid rebound in June, saying it should set the stage for further growth in coming months.
442	An amateur video posted online shows a helicopter circling in the blue sky, and then a barrel plummeting from the aircraft until it slams into buildings on the horizon, sending a pillar of smoke and dust into the air.
443	An amazing life.
444	An Army veteran and homemaker, Cook spent decades as a military spouse, raising six children and dealing with a variety of mental and emotional challenges, many of them connected to war-related traumas suffered by her husband.
445	An arsenal that can reach the skies July 20, 2014 -- Updated 1540 GMT (2340 HKT) Some contend that larger weapons have come into Ukraine from Russia.
446	An article circulating through the German media on Wednesday unveiled an oversight in the country's latest foreign mission, which could affect the safety of the personnel involved.
447	Anbar province spokesman Ahmed al-Duleimi said on local television that he had asked the army to return, citing al-Qaida activity in Fallujah.
448	And after Golson’s second lost fumble of the game, fifth in the last three weeks and nine in 17 career starts, North Carolina surged ahead, 36-35, on the very next play — Williams’ pass reception, actually his second TD catch of his career.
449	And Alfa Romeo will be offered as a lower-priced (but still upscale) sporty rival to BMW.
450	And all growth indicators, either in the agricultural or the industrial sectors, are not growing or growing so little that it isn't worth increasing your truck fleet."
451	And also think of the buzz of singing Flower of Scotland at the next Scotland home game next month, against England if it's happening, after a YES victory!
452	And as far as the bubbling clouds that seem to shoot through the anvil?
453	And as the Scotsman observed in its editorial backing a No vote, perhaps the best way there is to shape the future is through education, the levers of which lie solely in Scotland's hands.
454	And as we get more frequent precipitation, perhaps more frequent flooding and drought, it makes it harder to supply safe water sanitation services to populations.
455	And at that point, Europe and United States would be very upset and would probably have to get involved.
456	And both wore a special bow-tie that Jesse Tyler Ferguson and his hubby Justin Mikita designed for The Tie Bar.
457	And Bruce Dern, also 77, is brilliantly understated in "Nebraska," a character that's the opposite of the egocentric crazies he played in such '70s films as "The King of Marvin Gardens" and "Black Sunday."
458	And/but, the paper also notes that Ernst is being criticized for calling the Santa Barbara shootings as an "unfortunate accident" during a debate.
459	And … by the time they pay their rent, utilities and other deposits, they just don't have any money,” Both said.
460	And Chance responded with 'I'm going to my car; it's right there.'
461	And, coming soon enough, Father’s Day in June.
462	And, constitutionally, there is no practical remedy for that.
463	And DeAndre Mathieu sent the game to overtime with a driving layup with 1.7 ticks left.
464	“And documentary-related questions are through the roof, so people are coming with purpose,” Rambo said.
465	And don't give me any BS about how the term is found in the Christian bible, there are plenty of people to whom your "bible" is nothing more than a book.
466	Anders Jacobsen of Norway jumps during qualification for the men's normal hill ski jumping event.
467	And even if it's factually wrong - the donkey jacket was a short, substantial overcoat, I don't live in Bromley.
468	And, even if true, they are not necessarily damning.
469	And even Orban's support is not certain.
470	And folks, Kavanaugh has one of them to call his own now.
471	And for their part, the police in New York City managed the protests well -- unlike the para-militarists in Ferguson a few weeks ago.
472	And for years, Kamen has been talking about it to people at the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations.
473	And given how Cutler continues to refine his reputation as a coach killer, why would anybody want to take the job if they inherit him as their QB?
474	And given the agency’s record on cigarettes, keeping its hands off of premium cigars is the right idea.
475	"And God forbid, when something goes wrong, we are going to have a clearer understanding of what happened."
476	"And he didn't stop there," he said, using the legislation as a springboard for other sweeping changes.
477	And he has harvested great praise from German Chancellor Merkel and others who defend "fiscal consolidation" and "restructuring" policies, regardless of the criticism of others.
478	And her latest project, Out Takes, showcases First Nations from across Canada in candid joyful shots.
479	And he said her improvised quips when a shoe was thrown at her during a speaking engagement in April highlighted her sense of humor and made her seem quick on her feet.
480	And Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) is using its research lab in India to see how it can migrate Web-interface applications for mobile phones in Asia and Africa to developed markets.
481	"And his bosses, who are fully aware of all the offences, still place a high degree of trust in him."
482	And how much impact does that regular dose of radiation into your breast tissue every two years for the rest of your life have?
483	And I can still feel a silent and private hopelessness.
484	“And I’d would monitor the results very, very closely.”
485	And, if anyone does find themselves huddled on the side of a mountain waiting for their tiny burner to warm up a vacuum pack of gelatinous gloop, it's maybe time to rethink their vacation plans.
486	And if Clinton runs, Biden said her decision wouldn't affect his own.
487	And I feel good about where we’re going.
488	And, if it's Linden or Hall who gets the laurel wreath while listening to the "Star-Spangled Banner" play over Boylston Street, Flanagan will be OK with that, too.
489	And if Obama can bring international pressure to bear on Russia and its allied rebels to a point that President Vladimir Putin backs off from his aggressive path, this too could prove to be a credit to the President's record.
490	And if she's found.
491	And if that isn’t working then you have to look quite closely at you security plan and whether you can actually protect the facility.”
492	And if the artist is an older musician, it’s even more difficult.
493	And if they don't perform at the same level, the school is "failing".
494	And if you know someone who could use a little more space at their place, you can give them a "starter pack" to see how they like it.
495	And if you refuse to risk the potential “disappointment” of freedom by exercising it, you will, at least, avoid that disappointment.
496	"And I know how much he loves being out here caddying and trying to get us to win tournaments.
497	And I love it."
498	And I love this team - they're the best team.
499	And I'm getting to the point where I'm pretty darn comfortable."
500	And in an ironic twist, Soros, who made a sizeable chunk of his fortune through currency speculation, put his support behind carbon taxes, not cap-and-trade systems.
501	And in New Mexico, voters picked Democratic Attorney General Gary King to take on incumbent Gov. Susana Martinez in the general election.
502	And I see you still have winter."
503	And it encourages states to prosecute terrorism, while permitting broad definitions of the term," said Andrea Prasow, deputy Washington director for Human Rights Watch.
504	And it faces the challenge that major emerging-market economies, such as China and Brazil, are making to the longstanding US-European control of the Fund.
505	And it has to play to as broad an audience as possible.
506	And I think he thinks it’s a good step.
507	“And I think that the thing..
508	And I think the president is heartbroken by this event, as he has been on each occasion that something like this has happened in the country."
509	And I thought my 2.5 hour drive home was long.
510	And it is expanding its “Stay Hilton.
511	And I told him again, for the hundredth time, to be safe.
512	And its body can be 3D printed in a single piece.
513	And it’s important not to mock a millennial’s journey to their “true calling,” since the economy will be more productive when workers are satisfied and happy in their careers.
514	And it’s not a lot of fun, I’ll tell you that," he said on Monday.
515	And it's only 14 days before the election."
516	And it sounds like Al Jazeera America isn't going away any time soon.
517	And it was the digital trail left by students at Steubenville High School that helped authorities build a sexual assault case against two football players accused of raping a 16-year-old fellow student.
518	And I would like to see a country that is actually addressed the inequality.
519	And Janet will march again today.
520	And let’s not underestimate the “cool” factor.
521	And many people all they do is sit around.
522	And Microsoft now wants to infuse its products with the same qualities.
523	And, more importantly, will the city council grow both a..
524	And my rims are gonna turn around.
525	And nature doesn't seem to be co-operating so far."
526	And not just the same men, but a variety of men.
527	And now it’s kind of like I get almost as much satisfaction in climbing a mountain as skiing down that gnarly line somewhere.”
528	And now Pasco has hit a snag in their efforts to remove it.
529	And of all the things that might send a chill through the oil patch from what Obama said, it's this: the president appeared to be ignoring parts of his own administration's review that supported the project.
530	And of course it happened for the first time on the Pyramid Stage on Glastonbury.
531	And of course we aren't seeing any information on contingency plans for the possibility that the machine actually begins running and destabilizes the viaduct making it unuseable.
532	And only those who have had their humanity surgically removed would seek to justify this crime on the basis of cutting a deficit that has risen rather than fallen under the present government.
533	And on the next hole, she locked up the victory.
534	And politics is politics.
535	And, prosecutors showed that Capone owned at least one, if not more, pre-paid cell phones and purchased a tarp the morning of April 17th.
536	And, really, we must find a way to enjoy the entire ride..
537	And, she said, “We love to take risks.”
538	And she was doing what she does best: watching jurors walking through the door and giving every one of them a little bit of a smile."
539	And so are my toys," a seven-year-old boy named Tang Xiao told AFP.
540	And so cement trucks rolled up the Jumbo Valley all last week, pouring concrete foundations for a lift, day lodge and utility building.
541	And support and we just thank you very much and merry Christmas and may God bless everybody.
542	“And sure enough, with a bunch of family in the bedroom, she opens the letter and she is beside herself,” Becker said.
543	"And that creates a harsh, unsupported environment," he said.
544	And that is almost every illegal family.
545	And that little thing like honesty we didnt seem to mind that Luna's sister was over appropriation of education money Luna received either.
546	And that's when the whole thing just falls apart.
547	And that's where the chilies come in. "The problem with conservation in general, it doesn't produce anything.
548	And that they richly deserve.
549	And the 27-year-old Serb, who finished runner-up to Nadal in the 2012 Paris final, had come close to beating him in last year's semifinal.
550	And the 5 percent of teachers who said they had been physically attacked by a student was higher than in any previous survey year, the report found.
551	“And the fact is, the bridge construction has suffered tens of millions of cost overruns and months of delays as these (enforcement) agencies have interpreted the regulations,” Rentschler said.
552	And the Fed, more or less, has laid out a plan.
553	And the future is still a question, the path that will now be travelled most certainly more difficult.
554	And the late Bennett’s great dances, variations on a straight and splintered chorus line, are faithfully reconstructed by Kerry Casserly, who appeared in the first, record-breaking Broadway run.
555	And the nearly 6% drop in the current pullback is nearing the average of prior pullbacks.
556	And then, ever since, I’ve been the delusional main character of some cruel Truman Show-type project.
557	And then he had the freedom to reclaim the Christian tradition in his own way."
558	And the NHL is all of those things.
559	And then I started to notice other things, smaller details that show how much life in Syria has changed.
560	And then, when he stood on the field at the end and watched some of the many highlights of his 15-year-old international career flashed on the giant video board, Landon Donovan no longer could hold back the tears.
561	And the quality and rapid pacing of the intelligence reports made it clear that electronic espionage was primarily responsible for the information.
562	And there’s another secondary goal that has to do with helping Iraq finally become a stable nation; having made the mess there, we bear some degree of moral responsibility for cleaning it up.
563	"And there signs that parents no longer want their children playing this game.
564	And, there's that bravado again.
565	And there’s the panel with the longest title ever: “Healthcare After Obamacare: A Practical Guide for Living When No One Has Insurance and America Runs Out of Doctors.”
566	And the third location is the breakwater down by the Grind and Brew."
567	And the UK Maritime and Coastguard Agency pointed out: "We have received no reported sightings of the vessel since April last year."
568	And the victors stand to exert considerable power, especially if elected to the premier’s office.
569	And they also expect widespread backing in the newspapers for their bullish stance.
570	And they know it.
571	And they’re not worried about what’s in it for them.
572	And third was the fact that Boswer was able to consolidate the anti-Gray vote.
573	And this is just an attitude which is wrong and which we cannot afford anymore.
574	And this scam even catches victims who aren't grandparents—the other variation is "I've Kidnapped Your Relative".
575	And this year, those who make money from the steady stream of wayfarers are in a particularly celebratory mood.
576	And, three days after her latest hospital release, she had an extra reason to celebrate on the holiday: It was also her 53rd birthday.
577	And to catch up on the most recent news, click here.
578	And to create a more premium look we trimmed it in gold, to give it an aura of luxury.
579	And, to the chagrin of many, it wasn't a new gizmo like an iWatch or a radically redesigned operating system.
580	And was I wrong to read those texts?
581	And we're going to be likely to support the agenda and the party that's most likely to embrace a pro-problem solving agenda," Orman told CNN.
582	"And we saw one in the Mariana Trench at more than 8,000m, and we think it's a new species."
583	And we watched our home burn in front of us," she said.
584	And we were gifted one of the best '70s movies the '70s never gave us with American Hustle.
585	And we will increase the sanctions imposed on NFL personnel who violate our policies.
586	“And we won’t know probably ever what was really going on with Benjamin, and that’s going to be hard, but hopefully we’ll come to some peace with that.”
587	And what holds for the United States goes for the rest of the world, too: in the past eighty years, the global economy has grown at a similar rate.
588	And what of the promises that a government makes to its own people?
589	And what’s easier to spot than Orion the Hunter?
590	And what they are right now is the owner of a 2-0 series lead, thanks to a 4-1 victory Sunday over the Minnesota Wild.
591	"And what we're witnessing tonight is history."
592	And when it comes to who is doing more of the telecommuting, another survey also challenges the longstanding belief that it's mainly working moms.
593	And when they have hit the campaign trail the results have usually been pretty poor.
594	And while most viral Web trends tend to crop up, then disappear without accomplishing much other than providing a few chuckles, the Ice Bucket Challenge is making a difference.
595	And while the law has helped reduce the proportion of uninsured Americans from 20 to 15 percent, according to The Commonwealth Fund, it has left millions without coverage.
596	And while we are at it, we should just lock everyone up in cells so they won't hurt each other.
597	And with that major scare out of the way for now, big round numbers of psychological import are starting to dominate chatter from Wall Street to the water cooler.
598	And with them the advertising money.
599	And with the opening of the Kent facility, Sunday delivery has begun in the Pacific Northwest.
600	And with TTIP and TTP they gain even more rights and so a lot of critical analysts are stunned by these two treaties.
601	Andy Billig known the laws of this state, he would have already had his questions answered.
602	And, yet, most Egyptians have gladly accepted that this election, which will undoubtedly see Sisi’s ascent to power, unlike the election of the Brotherhood, are somehow democratically legitimate.
603	And yet, Seattle has just encountered a plentiful buffet of plays by women in our playhouses.
604	An earlier plan by Tepco outlining a revival after its Fukushima plant was hit by a massive earthquake and tsunami in 2011, triggering triple meltdowns at the site, had to be torn up because it could not restart Kashiwazaki.
605	An effective solar system does save homeowners money in their monthly rates and additionally may result in a good return on their investment when the home is sold.
606	An elderly man, sitting in a wheelchair with his head slumped over, suddenly comes to life when he hears music from his youth through headphones; it’s as if his entire being wakes up.
607	An emotional Boodth berated the lawyer for casting doubts on his character and “putting (him) through this.”
608	An even bigger problem though is the long porous border Kruger shares with neighboring Mozambique.
609	A new calamity emerged Tuesday in the flood-hit Balkans even as emergency workers battled overflowing rivers and evacuated thousands: tons of drowned livestock were posing a health hazard.
610	A new modern user interface with improved scrolling and agility when switching between Ribbon tabs.
611	A new packaging machine went into operation at Parallel 49 one week ago.
612	A new report from the U.N. team in Ukraine said at least 4,317 people have been killed in the conflict that began in mid-April and the number of people internally displaced by the violence has risen sharply in the past two months to nearly 466,830 in all.
613	A New York health official involved in the case told Reuters that the focus will be on finding people who have had close contact with Spencer.
614	An experimental vaccine developed by the U.S. government and GlaxoSmithKline will be tested on humans starting next week, the U.S. National Institutes of Health announced Thursday.
615	An eyewitness suggested that the rubber bird might have fallen victim to eagles, which scratched it with their claws, Taiwan’s Central News Agency reported.
616	Angoulvant was airlifted to Brest where he is in good condition, according to race organizers.
617	Angry residents damaged several police cars in response -- even though police say the man fired first.
618	AngrySoftballGuy 5pts its a good win for the human race bomb those bitches "Islamic extremists".
619	An hour after the plane landed at Kahului Airport, the boy regained consciousness and was captured on security footage crawling out of the left main gear area of the plane.
620	An hour in, my eyelids were heavy.
621	A night for Scheif Leading the way was Scheifele, who scored twice and added an assist.
622	An image grab taken from a propaganda video released on March 17, 2014 by the Islamic State of Iraq … ISIL aims at setting an Islamic state that straddles Syria and Iraq and has taken control of a large part of Deir Ezzor in recent weeks.
623	An initial official measure will likely come in the fall when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention releases its National Health Interview Survey.
624	An insufficient weld could lead to a fracture.
625	An investigation into the causes of the crash, which killed Mr Campos and six others, is under way.
626	Anita, you need to affect a limp.
627	Ankara, has so far not officially confirmed the report, according to Israel Radio.
628	An MGM spokeswoman did not return requests for comment.
629	Anne said it is discouraging for women when reports often aren't believed unless multiple women come forward.
630	Annie Murphy plays their socialite daughter.
631	An off-contract deal, just like T-Mobile In fact, two-year contracts aren't available at all as part of the deal.
632	A North Korean soldier uses binoculars on Thursday, February 6, to look at South Korea from the border village of Panmunjom, which has separated the two Koreas since the Korean War.
633	A North Korean statement seen by CNN said Martinez entered the country two days after U.S. intelligence official James Clapper arrived in Pyongyang to negotiate the release of detained Americans Matthew Miller and Kenneth Bae.
634	Another 18 year-old man was arrested and currently remains in custody Two other teenagers, aged 17 and 16, were given a caution following the incident.
635	Another 300 Minuteman missiles are in launch silos in Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and Nebraska.
636	Another 59 people were jailed for between five and 15 years after being convicted on charges of rebellion, murder and illegally stocking weapons.
637	Another 6 million have fled their homes.
638	Another Brooks' song "Friends in Low Places" closed out the show.
639	Another four people were killed Tuesday when gunmen opened fire in the village of Wajirko in Borno, the epicentre of a gruesome Islamist rebellion that has killed thousands of people across northern and central Nigeria since 2009.
640	Another girl involved with the robberies was able to get away from police.
641	Another good source of good information is the well studied grace loving people of God.
642	Another "how the mighty have fallen" story leads the rest of our roundup of election follies.
643	Another lady emptied the contents of her water bottle in my ear,” he said.
644	Another of the suspects also denied any involvement in the murder.
645	Another should be for Facebook.
646	Another soldier explained that he wasn't fighting for his country or glory but for his fellow soldiers.
647	Another was forced to do an emergency landing after a malfunction.
648	An outgoing voice message at a phone listing for his parents' home in Renton said, "We ask that you please respect our privacy during this time while we recover."
649	Anthems were sung as the couple arrived and people could be heard chanting: “Harper!
650	Anthony had previously met with Chicago, Houston, Dallas and the Lakers.
651	Anti-government protesters cover themselves under makeshift shields during clashes with police in Ki … "We are not refusing the offer but we are not accepting it either," he said.
652	Anti-poverty groups say that increase is taking a toll on low-income families, and it's time the P.E.I. government started covering some of those travel costs.
653	Anti-Whites dont condemn Native Americans for rejecting White immigrants.
654	A number of breaches to the laws of the Bahamas and a total disregard of the fiduciary and financial responsibilities of the workers have left the workers of Bahamas Supermarket Limited without the funds that are rightfully and legally due to them.
655	A number of possible identities have been suggested by British media although sources on both sides of the Atlantic have told Reuters that there was little likelihood of the British government naming the suspect imminently.
656	An unconfirmed report long circulated in local media that Jonathan, elected assistant senior prefect at his secondary school, grabbed the top post when the head prefect was expelled.
657	A nurse's assistant identified as Teresa Romero Ramos tested positive for Ebola after treating a Spanish missionary with the deadly virus in Madrid, Spain.
658	Anwar and Swapnil Patil (74), helped UAE to 297 for 8 batting first before dismissing Nepal 195 in 48.1 overs with Kamran Shazad taking 3 wickets for 46. Second seeds the Netherlands also won, beating Uganda by seven wickets.
659	"Anybody who served their country should not be in this circumstance and should be navigated to the right resources," McGee said.
660	Any disciplinary actions, however, would be based on an internal probe by the agency, Pierson said.
661	Any more Vatican intervention would further tarnish the legacy of Pope John Paul II, a top Maciel defender whom Francis will canonize in April.
662	"Anyone that doesn't, we take a look and see if we can improve that one way or another."
663	Anyone who can win four world titles is very special but this has been a lacklustre year for him."
664	Anyone who has information concerning this incident or knows the whereabouts of the other two suspects is asked to contact the Phoenix Police Department at 602-262-6151 or Silent Witness at 480-WITNESS.
665	Anyone who is interested in sponsoring a student can contact Battle or write a check to the LCCHS Family Assistance Fund.
666	Anyone who's seen the film can't help but notice the couple's undeniable chemistry, and the attraction soon crackled off-screen.
667	Anyone with common sense knows that we have reached the point where we do need some limits on carbon emissions, and what the Pres. Obama is proposing is a restoration of the rollback that was executed during the Bush administration.
668	Anyone with information about this case is asked to call Ottawa police at 613-236-1222, ext. 5944 or Crime Stoppers at 613-288-8477.
669	Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent.
670	Any responsible boat captain would know that this issue with the people of Molokai is nothing new.
671	Any such intervention would be "completely unacceptable and "viewed as an invasion of Ukraine", said the US ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power.
672	Any sunscreen that gets into the eyes may cause stinging.
673	“Anything short of that is discrimination,” she says.
674	Any way you put it, it doesn't sound noble.
675	A Palestinian health official said eight Hamas fighters died in the ferocious battle near Khan Younis, from where the Palestinian Red Crescent was trying to evacuate about 250 people.
676	A Palestinian identity, which existed for generations, was crystallized in a meaningful and much greater cohesion than ever before.
677	A "parody rap music video celebrating being a redhead."
678	Apart from one half-chance, when Hafeez at long-off failed to reach a miscued lofted shot off Zulfiqar Babar with Smith on 56, the 25-year-old Australian played with utmost confidence.
679	Apart from the impact of the cold weather, businesses have been placing fewer orders with manufacturers as they work through stocks of unsold goods.
680	A particularly nasty bug in Assassin’s Creed Unity on PC leaves the protagonist without a face.
681	Apartment rents have nearly doubled during the past decade in the three counties where many Google and other high-tech workers live: In San Francisco the average is $3,229 per month; in San Mateo it's $2,470; and in Santa Clara $2,321.
682	A passing motorist alerted a woman and her child to flames shooting from the building and helped get them out safely, say police.
683	AP correspondent Jim Heintz contributed from Moscow.
684	AP correspondents Laura Mills in Moscow and David McHugh in Kiev contributed.
685	A PC version of the SPM is available now, with Mac, IOS and Android versions announced.
686	A perception that Spain's tax system is unfair to Catalonia and tussles over the Catalan-language education system have fueled the independence movement, as has the national economic crisis.
687	A performance by the drama club acknowledged that.
688	"A phone call or a program made available — I think that's a step that we will take.
689	A photo in Israeli media from inside the synagogue showed what appeared to be a body on the floor draped in a prayer shawl, with blood smattered nearby.
690	A pick-up in economic growth is also bolstering hopes that the economy is kicking into gear.
691	API has also committed to increasing the number and type of scholarship opportunities available to its students.
692	A pilot onboard the ship communicates with the tug captains via radio, telling them when to pull and push.
693	AP journalists Maria Cheng in London and Sarah DiLorenzo in Dakar, Senegal contributed to this report.
694	A: Place a fraud report, close accounts and file a police report.
695	A police source told the Post, "He’s one of the more prodigious taggers in the city.
696	Apparently there is not.
697	Apparently they think they'll be able to connect Los Angeles with Sacramento.
698	Appearing in his first postseason game, he played a key role in controlling Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts, playing all 66 defensive snaps in a 43-22 win.
699	Apple A Day Family Medicine is the newest business to open in Pullman.
700	Apple is edging closer to declaring an all-out war against mega retailers like Walmart, Best Buy and CVS with its payment system.
701	Apple reported app downloads of almost 3 billion apps in December, making it a record month for its App Store, which offers 1 million apps for its iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch devices.
702	Apple's iTunes Music Festival kicks off Tuesday, featuring Coldplay, Keith Urban and others performing, and the event will be streamed live to computers and Apple devices.
703	Apple spokesman Steve Dowling declined to comment on plans for future Apple products.
704	A preliminary hearing is expected to take place in Winnipeg this week.
705	A previous cessation of hostilities of 10 days did not yield much progress in the way of a long term end to the conflict and was interrupted several times by instances of violence.
706	April 6 at first backed Sisi's removal of Islamist President Mohamed Mursi in July, but, like some other secular groups, has since returned to its former stance opposing army-backed rule.
707	A prime example is how the Syrian leader has depicted all rebels as "terrorists".
708	A proposed bombing range.
709	A prosecutor told the court that King also was being investigated on suspicion of murder and faced additional charges.
710	A protester against military rule shouts at soldiers deployed to control the crowd at Bangkok's … The United States swiftly condemned the coup and State Department has suspended about $3.5 million in military aid, including a portion for training.
711	AP SYKESVILLE, Md. - A former aide to U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander has been found dead in Maryland, just over a month after the former staffer's arrest on child pornography charges.
712	AP - The UN Security Council has failed to agree on a statement that would have deplored the deaths of Palestinians in Israeli operations following the disappearance of three Israeli teenagers.
713	AP Writers Julie Pace and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report.
714	A quick scan around the room revealed rows of journalists, all typing on Ultrabooks -- including the MacBook Air, no less.
715	Archuleta also posted about the event on his Instagram account Monday.
716	A Renesas Electronics Corp's chip is pictured at the company's office in Tokyo March 21, 2013.
717	A report released by Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. (NTI) last week, says Nunavut's crime rate has more than doubled between 1999 and 2012, while Canada's national rate has declined.
718	A representative from the ministry said a new law would need to be created to allow boroughs to hold new referendums.
719	A resolution introduced by Martin would, if approved by the remaining eight Council members at its meeting on Nov. 12, allow Elefante to be sworn in that day.
720	Are they paying 'market prices' to use this network or do they have sweetheart deal?
721	A Reuters analysis showed companies owned by billionaires like Warren Buffet and Mexico's Carlos Slim, as well by Japanese and European conglomerates, were listed as small businesses and Ex-Im acknowledged errors in its data in response to those findings.
722	'Are we capable of welcoming these people, guaranteeing them fraternal space in our communities?
723	Are we sure Brazil matters for brand owners?
724	Are you ashamed that you are taking orders from a man who would kill you if you didn't have that suit on?"
725	"Are you going to open the door?" an officer asks Jones.
726	Are you kidding?
727	Are you looking for the technology and Silicon Valley image of the Tesla Model S, or do you want the piece of mind that comes with the Chevy Volt’s range-extending gas engine?
728	Are you saying there was no gap before the gop party?
729	Argentina's captain, Lionel Messi, celebrates scoring his team's second goal against Bosnia-Herzegovina on June 15. Argentina's Marcos Rojo celebrates after Sead Kolasinac of Bosnia-Herzegovina scored an own goal in the early minutes of the game.
730	A Rhode Island bill would raise it from $8 to $9.
731	Arkansas is on the western edge of freezing rain forecast through Tuesday night -- a line that stretches east-northeastward into Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania and points east.
732	ARM® Artisan® physical IP for Samsung’s 14nm FinFET process technology is now available for SoC designers and is the result of years of collaboration between ARM and Samsung.
733	Armed men described as Russian troops on Friday took control of key airports in Crimea, where the Russian Black Sea Fleet is based.
734	Armstrong and other victims slammed McAllister during the hearing.
735	Around 30 SS officers and 120 Eastern Europeans "volunteers," including John Demjankuk, the man convicted in Germany in 2011 for serving as a guard at the camp, were sufficient for the murder of 170,000 to 250,000 Jews in Sobibór.
736	Around 600 dogs of more than 100 breeds came out for the Crab Orchard Kennel Club's AKC Dog Show.
737	"Around half of Premier League clubs chose not to spend this month."
738	Around the central town of Qalansuwa, angry Arab protesters stopped traffic, attacking Jewish drivers and torching their cars, public radio reported.
739	Around the world, we've heard a lot about coups recently.
740	Arsene Wenger’s side were desperately in need of a morale-boosting European victory after back-to-back defeats against Swansea and Manchester United left them well adrift in the Premier League title race.
741	Article: IBM CloudBurst™: Making Rain in an Economic Dry Spell.
742	Article provided by The Law Offices of Elkins & Freedman Few people in Broward County have missed out on the debate over alimony that has swept over Florida in the last year.
743	Aruba Tourism Authority The most popular of the ABC Islands (Aruba, Bonaire, Curaçao) in the Dutch Caribbean, Aruba is a favorite stop for cruise passengers and a popular winter escape for North American travelers dreaming of 80-degree days.
744	As a 6-foot-3, 155-pound high school senior, the only scholarship offers Bader received were from a host of Division II schools.
745	As a decade-old company that got started when business software was delivered in packages, Jive didn’t start selling Web-based subscriptions until 2007.
746	A safer, less odorous and more energy efficient (the roof will be covered in solar panels) station will take its place in 2016.
747	As a manager of a fifty thousand square foot retail and pharmacy I did the hiring.
748	As April went by, the news releases flowed into journalists' inboxes and most of the promises on that calendar have been made in front of a microphone.
749	As a psychologist, mother, yogi, businesswoman and person on a spiritual journey (and not necessarily in that order), I like to say that body-mind-soul living is a way of experiencing and balancing each moment with awareness and choice.
750	As a Quicken Loans official said in a letter to them after their complaint to the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the couple could not show “consistent monthly draws from the (IRA) account.”
751	As a result, passenger volumes and on-time performance are likely to suffer declines until the repairs are complete.
752	As a result, they will try hard to manipulate your thoughts to agree with theirs, and the more you resist this process the more determined they'll be to succeed.
753	As a special event for the 100th anniversary of the Dodge brand, a number of journalists were invited to the Dodge mansion and Dodge museum to learn more about the history of the company and the men who founded it.
754	As a woman who worked in a male-dominated environment, I was the only woman on some NASA technical projects at times.
755	A school board policy states that if a school in not in a student's busing zone, he or she must find their own transportation to and from class.
756	A Scottish exit would be a huge psychological blow to Northern Ireland's loyalists, who express their allegiance to London by lining their streets with Britain's Union Jack flags, some even painting kerbstones in its red, white and blue.
757	As days pass without snow or rain, dairymen, farmers and other livestock producers are finding themselves in the same predicament as Imhof.
758	As doctors and counselors at Children's worked with AJ to help him get over the emotional distress of a near-death experience, a donor had given the hospital 2 tickets to Macklemore's sold-out concert in December.
759	As early as August 4th, forecasters said it would reach the Big Island.
760	A second hearing is scheduled immediately afterward on Sharper's extradition to Arizona, where prosecutors are alleging that he drugged three women with sleeping pills and sexually assaulted them in Tempe in November.
761	A second man was waiting in the getaway truck, according to police.
762	A senior UN official told an emergency Security Council session "immediate action" is required to halt the crisis.
763	A separate oversight hearing will be held next month to further question DOC officials about the Murdough case, as well as rates of violence, use-of-force incidents and the jailing of mentally ill inmates, Crowley said.
764	A series of gas explosions on the streets of a southern Taiwanese city killed more than a dozen people and injured scores more Thursday night.
765	A service winner wide earns him set point and he converts when Federer sends a backhand long.
766	As far as exporters of natural gas to Germany went, Norway was in a distant second with 291,000 terajoules from January to March this year, or 26 percent of the natural gas Germany imported.
767	"As far as it goes, until they can provide us with evidence that it actually damages trees, I don't think there's any reason to stop.
768	As far as racing programs go, Rio is a distant thought for the 29-year-old Phelps.
769	As for African Story, he is unlikely to contest the major races in Europe when Bin Suroor transfers his string from Dubai to Newmarket next month.
770	As for how much I read, I’m not typical.
771	As former Los Angeles Dodgers owner Frank McCourt's bitter divorce became a cloud over the franchise, his financial turmoil forced Major League Baseball to take over the day-to-day operations of the team in 2011.
772	As for payment from SNC, he says the company had “slush pockets” from which he would be paid for various work.
773	As for plssing away opportunities, CUT OFF the welfare to those that abuse it.
774	As for PS3 and PS Vita cross-buy titles, both Proteus and Dragon’s Crown will be free to download next month.
775	"As for the facts, there will be a time and place where we will reveal that information," Voyles said.
776	As for the rest of what you say I agree.
777	As for the second part the team showed a lot of patience with him for his first 3 seasons and he trashed them going out the door.
778	As for vehicles, GM is showing off the new GMC Canyon, one of two small pickups it hopes will win back buyers who’ve shunned the segment in favor of bigger trucks and SUVs.
779	As head man, I don't want any sick from another community," he said.
780	As he drove his wife to the hospital, he said he was expecting doctors to pull out a magical mouth wash that would neutralize the effects.
781	As he lowers her, their eyes meet, and at that moment, she knows she can love - will love - this man as her husband, completely, for all her life.
782	As Hertsens notes, what Beats did was change the formula.
783	Ashley is keen to raise his stake from 8.92% to 29.9% but that request, made on the behalf of the Newcastle United owner by new Rangers chief executive Derek Llambias, was rejected as it contravenes SFA ownership regulations.
784	A shooting erupted at a graduation party in the 6200 block of Eads Street about 11:20 p.m. on May 23 in Gentilly.
785	As horseball's inventor, France has been dominant for decades, but Spain and Belgium are increasingly strong.
786	A short while later members of the elite Special Duties Unit, informally known as the Flying Tigers, scaled down the side of the building and threw stun grenades into the flat where the gunman Li was located before clambering inside.
787	"Asian females, in contrast, are the least sexualized group."
788	Asian stock markets tumbled Monday as investors factored in the possibility of slowing growth in China and a further reduction in U.S. central bank stimulus.
789	ASIA STOCKS 06:01: Hong Kong stocks ended the morning 0.22% lower in quiet trade on Monday as investors await the release of Chinese trade and inflation figures later in the week.
790	Aside from installing identification plaques throughout Makawao, the museum hopes to purchase frames for its photographs over the coming year and to continue raising money and securing volunteers.
791	Aside from the "Frozen" dolls, the two companies have teamed on a number of other products together including those tied to the "Cars" and "Planes" movies and the "Jake and the Neverland Pirates" television show.
792	A simple and cheap can of black beans can also become a popular lunchtime commodity.
793	"As I said, I needed to take care of the par-5s.
794	"As I sat on the bus trying to capture as much as I could on camera, this spot of the Highlands forced me to pause," she said.
795	Asked when the study will be released, she said “soon.”
796	"As long as I'm healthy, I believe and I am confident that I'm able to continue the success I had in Japan."
797	As many as half the city’s inhabitants were living in tents, most in a sandy area near the present-day Palace Hotel known as Happy Valley.
798	As of 2014, Glogster has over 1.5 million teacher accounts and 14 million student accounts over 14,300 schools, with over 45 million educational glogs created.
799	As officers approached the car, a passenger stepped out armed with a shotgun, police said.
800	As of the end of September, a total of 673 companies were listed on the OTC market, according to GTSM.
801	As of Thursday, there were about 15,000 Yazidi refugees from Iraq who arrived at the Newroz camp in Syria, the U.N. refugee agency said.
802	“As one of very few females to have studied sciences as a youngster I’d be eager to see certain attitudes change towards STEM education.
803	A source at Iraq’s Agricultural Ministry told Reuters that ISIS has placed close to 30% of Iraq’s entire farm production at risk.
804	A source familiar with the matter told Reuters that Sony Pictures was investigating every possibility, adding no link to North Korea has been uncovered.
805	A South Philly transplant from New England, she joined the Daily News City Hall Bureau in 2013.
806	As part of the agreement between the city and the Panthers, the Belk Bowl in December also gets a rent-free date at the stadium.
807	A specially adapted aircraft was due in Monrovia on Thursday from the United States to take the female healthcare worker home to France after she was diagnosed with the deadly disease.
808	A specially designated ambulance was dispatched to pick up Spencer.
809	A special planned program began following dinner and included memorials, videos and special entertainment.
810	A special UNHCR appeal to help the victims of the crisis was launched in March but has only gathered 12 percent of the $26.4 million (19 million euro) needed, he said.
811	A spokesman for Kent County Council said: “We have to make tough decisions on where to improve traffic and road safety in local areas.
812	A spokesman for Mayor Ed Murray said the mayor plans to include a student from one of the city’s colleges or universities on its housing advisory committee.
813	A spokesman for UN chief Ban Ki-moon said in a statement he "urgently appeals once again to all parties to declare a seven-day humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza".
814	A spokesman said: "The car was removed at around 5.30pm."
815	A spokesperson said water can be seen coming through the ceiling tiles.
816	A spokeswoman for Defence Minister Rob Nicholson says CF-18 fighter-bombers used a laser-guided bomb to hit an artillery position today near the city of Bayji, north of Baghdad.
817	A spokeswoman for the Nevada Department of Health and Human Services said Tuesday she did not have any immediate information on the case.
818	As Presidency of the Council of the European Union in the second half of 2012, Cyprus successfully steered the negotiations, which led to the results of the third round of negotiations.
819	As president, Obama's approach has been to urge Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki to stop excluding Sunnis and Kurds from the political process, rather than to devolve power away from the central government in Baghdad as Biden proposed.
820	As Seattle manhandled the San Francisco 49ers 19-3 here Thursday night, though, it was impossible not to draw comparisons to 2013.
821	As several insiders expected, their six-year, $120 million offer fell far short of the New York Yankees’ winning bid of seven years, $155 million.
822	As Shelly Dutton mentioned in her article “Employees are tired of sacrificing so much of their lives for their employers.
823	Assisted by Oscar with a cross.
824	Associated Press writer Rebecca Santana contributed to this report.
825	Associated Press writers Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo and Matthew Pennington in Washington contributed to this report.
826	As soon as I pressed down with my hands, I flew higher.
827	As soon as Van Deventer knew Phillips was likely to leave, he invited Beninga to be an observer on his board.
828	A statement from Hamdallah's office Sunday denounced Netanyahu's call, saying it was part of a campaign intended to "cement the occupation by all means."
829	A statement from the seven nations released from the White House on Wednesday calls on Russia "to cease all efforts to change the status of Crimea contrary to Ukrainian law and in violation of international law."
830	A statement said he had faced "attacks and defamation" that had hurt both the auto club and his family.
831	As the charming Dr. Peter Venkman, Bill Murray could do no wrong in the eyes of the audience.
832	As the conflict continues, pleas for peace echoed around the world.
833	As the fighting continued, Toby Lanzer, the U.N.'s humanitarian coordinator in South Sudan, expressed outrage and frustration with the political and military leaders of South Sudan.
834	As the jet nears an airport in New York, his temperature rises; his throat grows sore.
835	As the longtime Tigers hitting coach, McClendon got to enjoy watching Cabrera and Martinez pummel pitches.
836	As the naive temp to a Hollywood exec, the husky-voiced Lohan put in a believable performance - if a little stagey at times.
837	As the result of the recent dry and windy conditions, the danger of grass fires has been compounded and a number of blazes have been reported.
838	As the sun set around Washington, D.C., Richard Barnhill caught this shot of the Marine Corps War Memorial against the pink fall sky.
839	As the truck left the parking lot it hit a minivan.
840	As they continue northwest up Route 201, civilization slowly melts away.
841	As they drove Monday through the southwest U.S., the 62-year-old man discovered the 31-year-old woman's body was cold.
842	A succession of European leaders have visited Israel in recent months, and just like those before him, Cameron said he would seek to encourage Netanyahu and Abbas to back a framework deal being formulated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry.
843	ASU Mike Leake – Right-handed pitcher - 2009 Golden Spikes Award finalist.
844	Asustek yesterday confirmed the investigation, saying that it had reported the case to prosecutors.
845	As well, after extensive and due consideration and discussion, we are also moving forward with the regularization and taxation of webshop operations in this country.
846	As yet, the country has no commercial airline programs that rival those of the West.
847	As you come down from your push-up, clap the opposite hand of your mate.
848	As you know from popular culture, we've been doing this since the beginning of movies and this is just an extension of that" Whether you're a fan or a critic, John believes he's doing his job as an artist if he creates an emotional response.
849	As you take the time to find the right person or company to entrust your home to, here are factors to consider: – Range of services: Regular cleaning doesn’t cover every service.
850	A Syracuse High School student said she felt accused and upset after her prescription medications triggered a false positive on a Davis School District random drug test.
851	A system bringing snow could leave three to four centimetres in Winnipeg by Saturday morning, according to meteorologist John Sauder.
852	At 10.15 a.m. ET, the dollar-denominated RTS index was down 3.0 percent at 1,208 points, after trading about 2.5-2.7 percent down on the day earlier in the session.
853	At 10:30 Wednesday morning, Richland County deputies say Sheddrick Miller's mother discovered the bodies in a home on Forest Walk Ct. in Irmo.
854	At 13-3, the Seahawks are proud of what they’ve accomplished so far, realistic about their issues and motivated to prove they’re more than a regular-season phenomenon.
855	At about 1:30 p.m., pallbearers in black suits emerged from the church with Hoffman's coffin, carrying it to a hearse as O'Donnell and the couple's children stood at the top of the stairs.
856	At a Brooklyn tattoo parlor in 2012, I watched someone cut along the top of my finger, tear open a pocket with a dowel, and slide in a dark rod about half the size of a sunflower seed.
857	At a center run by the International Rescue Committee, a group of 12 refugee women described how sexual harassment is a constant in their lives, on multiple levels — from tiny gestures in the street to outright exploitation.
858	At a community meeting in September, department officials said they would be able to access only $30 million next year, the Maui News reported.
859	At a Fox show in Sacramento last December, lightweight Cody McKenzie wore plain white basketball shorts with the tags still attached and a Nike logo crudely drawn on the leg.
860	A tank leaked into the Elk River, thereby affecting the water intake for West Virginia American Water.
861	A tax cut he proposed two years ago foundered in the Legislature.
862	A team at the Institute of Cancer Research in London found women had larger waistlines if their bedroom was "light enough to see across" at night.
863	A temporary reauthorization is better than nothing, but months of uncertainty would give an advantage to foreign companies backed by similar export credit institutions.
864	At Granite High School he read so much so often they started a new humanities class just for him.
865	At Hanford, the Manhattan Project built the first industrial nuclear reactors and began producing plutonium for nuclear weapons.
866	A: The army is very busy combating terrorism in the Sinai and on the western border and the southern border.
867	A thunderstorm packing high winds and lightning moved through Myton shortly before the fire started Sunday.
868	At its current pace, Snow Leopard will fall under the 10 percent mark by November, and below 5 percent by March 2015.
869	At its size in December, the new island was expected to last several years, according to Japanese scientists.
870	At Lakeridge Elementary, students often discuss math together, with guidance from their teachers, learning to defend their reasoning and critique others’ ideas.
871	"Atlanta is widely considered the new food capitol of the South, and Lobby at Twelve is a notable player in maintaining that position."
872	At least 40 people are now under quarantine in the southwestern Mali town of Kayes, a Health Ministry spokeswoman said Saturday.
873	At least 70 years ago, Chicago school researchers Robert E.L. Faris and H. Warren Dunham went through 30,000 psychiatric hospital admission records.
874	“At least a 4.5in screen size – if not larger,” “Better battery life and rapid charging,” Class-leading camera with image stabilisation,” “High Definition AMOLED display” and “5G WiFi (802.11ac).”
875	At least that's what his data shows, said Price, testifying on the state's behalf in a case that could make Michigan the 18th state to legalize gay marriage.
876	At least that's what some customers have told me.
877	At least three flashings were reported around school in West Seattle last September.
878	At MBA programs that offer student consulting through the school, students report directly back to professors who aggressively monitor their progress and offer guidance.
879	At Modi's first cabinet meeting late on Tuesday, his administration announced a special investigation team to track illicit funds or "black money" in a sign it was serious about its campaign pledge to curb rampant graft.
880	At night, sequestered juries are then escorted by sheriffs to hotel rooms stripped of all links to the outside world.
881	At one performance, a sole pianist provided music instead of an orchestra.
882	At one point on Monday 15,000 customers were without power.
883	At one point, she complained that her children were being "made to feel like the bad guys."
884	A total of 153 Chinese nationals were on board, and relatives camping out at Beijing's main international airport complained about the lack of news.
885	A total of 321 movies were given the classification, including The Hunger Games and Gravity, up from 234 in 2012.
886	A tour boat company that ferries sightseers along the Chicago River even announced it was delaying this weekend's planned rollout of vessels from winter storage because they were encased in 20-inch-thick ice.
887	Attacks by the militants have killed more than 5,000 people in a period of five years.
888	Attending the Progressive Dinner gives you the opportunity to visit beautiful homes, dine on gourmet international cuisines and have a good time socializing with old friends and meeting new neighbors.
889	Attention is also focusing on North Korea's team as they make the rare and politically sensitive trip south to compete for their sports-loving supreme leader, Kim Jong-Un.
890	Attention SEAL Team Six: Now arguing over who actually killed Osama bin Laden: You all did.
891	At that time, city officials said the garbage truck fleet was using about 30 to 40 percent less fuel than when the city had weekly pickup.
892	At that time, teachers were recruited from Harare and just sent out to schools without the knowledge of both the provincial and district education officer and even staffing officers,” he said.
893	At the College of William and Mary's Mason School of Business (Mason Full-Time MBA Profile), the incoming class expanded by 20%, with a particularly strong yield.
894	At the Currumbin Wild Sanctuary, Jerry Gonzales captured their demonstration on how to create fire, complete with song and dance.
895	"At the end, it will be only one winner," a cryptic Djonkam writes to LL in an email.
896	At the end of Day 4, Adsley ran out of water because he couldn’t reach the lever to flush the toilet.
897	At the end of the day, when different studies present conflicting results, it’s ultimately up to the individual to decide how to behave with his or her own health and wellness in mind.
898	At the European Championship two years ago, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and his Sweden teammates bullied France from start to finish in a 2-0 win.
899	At the hearing's opening, Committee Chairman Mike McCaul, R-Texas, called the situation a refugee crisis "in the making for years" and "one we should have seen coming."
900	At the international level, he swung the country away from the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact, even going so far as to oppose the Soviet-led invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968.
901	At the limit, the game with no rules is pure unbridled capitalism, and if it is explored the most through the lives of the drug dealers, it is because the drug dealers operate, like neoliberal capitalism, outside conventional systems of constraint.
902	At the news conference, Kerry suggested Egypt, regarded as an intellectual hub in the Arab world, could exert enormous influence in countering Islamic State's ideology from its sheer size as the Arab world's most populous state to its powerful clerics.
903	At the par-3 sixth, McIlroy missed the green and couldn't get up and down from the sand.
904	At the same time, from 2010 to 2012, 25,000 new people moved here.
905	At the same time, Republican governors — they control 29 seats — are casting themselves as can-do reformers presiding over improving economies.
906	At the same time, school systems throughout our state struggle to find highly trained professionals to fill classroom vacancies.
907	At the same time, the measures the ECB took in June and the emerging differences in outlook on monetary policy between the eurozone, the US and Britain "have led to a slight depreciation of the euro".
908	At the same time, there has been no decline in Chinese hackers' efforts to break into U.S. networks, the official said.
909	At the same time, the U.S. budget deficit has been shrinking.
910	At the security office outside the parking garage of Pulwer's high-rise condominium in South Beach, two officers said they hadn't seen the Bronco.
911	At the store, security was tight.
912	At the time he left BYU, Stout was determined to make his way back to the program.
913	At the time, Jamaat-e-Islami campaigned against independence, but the party denies involvement in any war crimes.
914	At the time, Palin cast herself as the candidate for supporters of Clinton's failed bid for the Democratic nomination.
915	At the time, police said they were concerned about her welfare because she had no reason to be gone, and no history of disappearing.
916	At the top was Nokia (NOK).
917	At the very least, you'll have Nietzsche's approval.
918	At the wedding, their toddler daughter gleefully danced to Pharrell Williams' "Happy" and rolled on the ground in a dramatic finale when she was done.
919	"At this initial stage, we are analyzing surgeries to determine how many errors occur and which ones actually lead to bad results for patients," Grantcharov says.
920	At this juncture in the development of The Bahamas, the lesson of relying on the uncertainty of political parties’ election victories should have been learned.
921	At this point in George W. Bush’s presidency, he had taken 58 trips to his Prairie Chapel ranch near Crawford, Texas, for all or part of 381 days.
922	At this point in his presidency, President Reagan was still struggling with 7.1% unemployment, and he did not reach into the mid-low 6% range for another full year.
923	At this point the name of the store hasn't been revealed by police.
924	At this size, the combined organization may actually be able to compete with the pure play digital media companies sucking dollars out of the television marketplace.
925	"At this time, while we still have services that are going to be interrupted as a result of the strike, there's not too much that city hall can do," says Botterill.
926	Attila Gyurkovics, founder of Parapark, is widely credited with creating the escape game concept in 2011.
927	Attorney Alwyn Griebenow said Hewitt denies two charges of rape and one of sexual assault of girls he coached in South Africa decades ago.
928	At Utah State University's Jon M. Huntsman School of Business, which has offered a one-year MBA for more than a decade, enrollment is at 56 students this fall, up from 43 last year.
929	ATV riders ride past a trail sign in Recapture Canyon outside Blanding, Utah, May 10, 2014.
930	Atwood said she hopes the greater sage grouse will be protected, but she fears the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will succumb to pressure from industries that oppose the land-use restrictions that such protection would bring.
931	Auchan joins Danish brewer Carlsberg and British firm Imperial Tobacco in partly attributing weak performances to an increasingly economically damaging standoff between Russia and the West over Ukraine.
932	Audiences probably know him best as Officer Joe Coffey on "Hill Street Blues."
933	Audi has been gunning for its German rivals with its own brand of German engineering and sporty luxury cars.
934	Audio: Hear Richard Louv tell his personal story of how he became convinced of the benefits of nature: You can watch a video about Louv's work here, and hear him describe the sense of wonder that nature inspires in many people.
935	Audi The Volvo Concept XC Coupe, harbinger of the 2015 Volvo XC90, makes its global debut at the Detroit auto show.
936	Audubon recruiting bird counters across the country 19 hours ago NAPA, Calif., Dec. 8 (UPI) -- The Audubon Christmas Bird Count is the longest running citizen science project in the world, and it's almost time to start the annual tally once more.
937	August 21, 1961 - Approximately 1,500 U.S. troops arrive in West Berlin. August 23, 1961 - West Berliners without permits are banned from entering East Berlin.
938	"A united Iraq is a stronger Iraq," State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Wednesday.
939	A U.N. spokesman said Congolese and U.N. police have arrested more than 200 suspects in the attacks, including members of the ADF, and recovered munitions, bombs and Motorola radios believed to have been used by the attackers.
940	A US military officer told AFP on Monday the Russian military presence continued to increase along Ukraine's eastern border.
941	Austin Miguel Cortez – “but he was always Mikey,” his father quickly adds – was the youngest of the couple’s four children, a status that allowed him the leeway to be the resident mischievous prankster.
942	Australia have scored 32 goals and conceded just one at the Glasgow tournament and boast the top scorer in Jodie Kenny who has nine goals.
943	Australia is still on edge after the siege and security experts said it was difficult to prevent attacks by people acting alone.
944	"Australia was the first country that started to use ADS-B (for the whole country) in December last year," Robertsson says.
945	Authorities approved the project despite a claim by the National Heritage Institute that its location wasn't suitable, saying another monument is already in the small park.
946	Authorities believe Johnson’s sexual partners in the videos were unaware he had HIV and did not know that they were being videotaped.
947	Authorities responded to the attacks by launching a one-year crackdown on violence in Xinjiang, where security was already tight following riots in Urumqi in 2009 that left nearly 200 people dead, according to official count.
948	Authorities say Hoilette was crossing mid-block on West 57th Street near 11th Avenue at around 1:50 p.m. yesterday when he was struck by a 31-year-old female driver in a Nissan sedan.
949	Authorities say it works out to an average cost of $350 per household annually.
950	Authorities won't officially confirm that the body is Hailey's until after an autopsy, but Springfield Police Chief Paul Williams said "we have a high degree of confidence" in the preliminary identification, which indicates that it is the girl.
951	Author … Jones' attorney Zmroczek said he has been held in isolation under suicide watch.
952	Auto Industry General Motors: Maximum fine for late recall US auto maker General Motors has received a multi-million-dollar fine for its delays in recalling cars with faulty ignition systems linked to more than a dozen of deaths.
953	Automated passport control at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport.
954	Autumn leaves glow at Nike's headquarters in Beaverton, Oregon.
955	Avalos wants to delve into two separate, anonymous ethics complaints alleging financial misconduct by the longtime finance professional and wife of former Mayor Frank Jordan.
956	A very knowledgeable and well-rounded employer, Mr. Gerber has held a variety of roles, including engineer, account executive, business development manager and channel manager, as well as director of global alliances and senior vice president of sales.
957	Avian scientists have identified specific neural pathways that play a role in learning birdsong, but studying language-learning in large marine animals is more difficult, the researchers said.
958	Avicii was on the schedule of performers at that festival.
959	A video shot from what looked like Mission: Impossible-level equipment was produced to bolster the narrative.
960	A warrant was issued for his return to custody in the federal prison system.
961	A Washington Post spokeswoman said that the paper had decided to re-evaluate its AET advertising relationship as a result of these incidents.
962	A weakened England side came close to upsetting the world champions in Auckland on Saturday, only to lose the first Test 20-15 after they butchered a number of opportunities through handling errors and poor choices.
963	A weekend march and rally in downtown St. Louis draws several thousand participants.
964	A week later, she did.
965	A: We got the number of those who did not have DNA collected.
966	A wood stork flies home to roost on Pawleys Island, South Carolina.
967	Aydin C., who has dual Dutch and Turkish nationality, has been in detention since he was arrested in January in a vacation house the town of Oisterwijk.
968	A year after its release, it had surpassed the flagship game from King rival Zygna, FarmVille 2, on Facebook and would go on to be the most downloaded iOS app of 2013.
969	A year later, the answers still scar the Oklahoma City bedroom community of Moore.
970	A young computer whiz from New York City has launched a site to help people buy cheap plane tickets.
971	Azarov and his entire government resigned on Tuesday after weeks of protests that began when Yanukovych pulled out of a key EU deal in favour of closer ties with Moscow in November.
972	Baby Boomers and Generation Xers will need an additional $4.3 trillion for their golden years in addition to Social Security, savings and housing equity, according to the Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI).
973	Backers say the new research center or centers could help make California a leader in the field of stem-cell genomics, which could lead to treatments tailored to a patient's genetic makeup.
974	Background checks for 594 are required on transfers too, which means a change in possession, even while target shooting or showing a family member your gun.
975	Back on January 11, 2014, authorities say, 4-5 people broke into a home on Rose Lane in Ridgeway.
976	Back streets in outlying neighborhoods remained choked with snow and frozen slush on Monday morning, forcing commuters in heavy boots to pick their way carefully to work.
977	Back then, the Seattle Times was limiting its use to one mention per article and leaving it out of headlines and photo captions, according to Shelton.
978	Baez was hospitalised in Geneva at the request of the World Health Organization, which is headquartered in the city, after he contracted the disease in Sierra Leone, one of the countries worst hit by the outbreak.
979	Baird isn't ruling out the possibility of extending the 30-day advisory mission, or the possibility of it changing.
980	Baldwin now meditates regularly, including before practices.
981	Ball also suggested that some of the many artists who Yankovic has parodied in the past could join him on stage "adding more prestige and star power."
982	Ballbuster November 4, 2009 4:08 AM Always talking positively about the miserable economy, both Geithner and Bernanke are not eternal optimists but plain liars.
983	Baltimore was 30-28 and 5 1/2 games out of first place after those 35 road games.
984	… BAMAKO (Reuters) - Mali has recorded a new case of Ebola in the capital Bamako after the friend of a nurse who died of the hemorrhagic fever earlier this month tested positive for the disease, health and medical officials said on Saturday.
985	Banayos’s sister, Carol, is the sole director of the company linked to the white-label ATMs that were seized.
986	Ban created the partitions above following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Fukushima.
987	Banghart said the game was scheduled so that the Obamas could have a chance to watch their niece Leslie Robinson play.
988	BANGKOK (AP) — Police say that 10 workers have been killed in a six-story building under construction that collapsed on the outskirts of Thailand's capital, while at least four more trapped under the rubble are feared dead, three days after the accident.
989	Bangladesh considers flooding a grave issue in many districts in the northwest part of the country, where many communities are classified as “extremely poor.”
990	BANKING NATIONALISM The introduction of a single supervisor is arguably the biggest leap forward in European integration since the launch of the euro in 1999.
991	Ban spoke to the UN Security Council after returning from a visit to the Middle East where he saw first-hand the destruction in Gaza wrought by the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas militants.
992	Barbie book implies girls can't be coders; Mattel apologizes Mattel says a Barbie book that suggests girls can't handle computer code doesn't reflect its brand vision.
993	Barcelona has won its group for eight consecutive years, while PSG went down to a first defeat in its 23rd game of the season.
994	Barnes & Noble did not respond to a request for comment.
995	Barnett also writes for The Greenville (S.
996	Barra, the former head of product management at Google's android unit, said that Xiaomi's fan events can feel "like a rock concert."
997	Barroso, a former Portuguese prime minister, is proud of having helped keep an enlarged 28-nation Europe afloat for 10 years through the most severe economic and financial storm in half a century.
998	Baruch gave her father a check for college expenses, but remarked that his daughter was rude.
999	Baseball's biggest annual contest wrapped up its seventh game on Wednesday with the San Francisco Giants' 3-2 win against the Kansas City Royals.
1000	Based on the National Association of Realtors national median home price of $180,000 for the fourth quarter of 2008, that would mean a median of $152,000 at the end of 2009 and then a rebound to $179,000 by the end of 2012.
1001	Based on the writings of radio humorist Jean Shepherd and set in 1940s Indiana, the story follows 9-year old Ralphie Parker, who wants and schemes for a Red Ryder BB gun for Christmas.
1002	Basically nothing happened.
1003	Bas Losekoot is a Dutch photographer based in London.
1004	Battlefield Map In addition to monitoring one's own networks as well as those belonging to "adversaries," Treasure Map can also help with "Computer Attack/Exploit Planning."
1005	Battling postpartum depression July 8, 2014 -- Updated 1504 GMT (2304 HKT) It's not just the 'baby blues.'
1006	Bayer used aggressive marketing campaigns promoting both its aspirin and Aleve brands to capitalize on the absence of J&J's pain relievers, says spokeswoman Anne Coiley.
1007	Bays had a game-high 23 points, followed by Evans with 18 points.
1008	@BBCTravelAlert 09:19: Banker sues Google A former London banker is suing Google in the High Court in an attempt to prevent what he calls "vile and abusive" material about him repeatedly appearing in search results.
1009	BCA overcame adversity on the playing field and even off it to bring the state trophy home.
1010	BCA scored three runs in the top of the first (the Knights were the designated team in game two), five in the second and three more in the third.
1011	B.C. did little offensively after going ahead 10-0 in the first and Ricky Ray's 18-yard TD strike to Terrell Sinkfield just 16 seconds into the fourth put the Argos ahead 17-13.
1012	Be a guest of Katmai's brown bears June 27, 2013 -- Updated 1502 GMT (2302 HKT) A brown bear cub clumsily splashes into the Brooks River to receive his mom's first fishing lesson.
1013	Beal was one of five Wizards to score in double figures.
1014	Beard" It must be April Fool's Day on the Internet.
1015	Bearing fresh wounds from his own act of devotion, Jampen is following an ancient Chinese Taoist ritual on the island of Phuket where celebrants eschew meat and undergo public self-mutilation in search of virtue.
1016	Beatles tribute band Rubber Soul will host a concert celebrating the 50th anniversary of The Beatles' American Invasion.
1017	Beats Music is built on the struggling, but respected MOG service, which Beats bought for $10-$15 million two years ago.
1018	Be careful of throwing basketballs from your glass-enclosed basketball court.
1019	Because anyone can take over a wallet with the appropriate private key (and cryptocurrencies' transactions go through anonymously), it's unclear whether that much money was actually stolen.
1020	Because, at 20, I thought I deserved it.
1021	Because battery technology progresses so slowly — and because Apple insists on making its iPhones as thin as possible — battery life in iPhones likely won’t see any dramatic improvements anytime soon.
1022	Because by your very definition..
1023	Because if I am a 'Man' - let alone a HuffPost Man - why do I spend my time playing with toys for a living?
1024	"Because it's a night that has so many ups and downs..
1025	Because lab records from RMTI are no longer available, the university said it does not know how the incident may have happened, or how many families may be eligible for testing.
1026	Because, let's face it, not as many people know about Coin, and it doesn't have the resources to pull off what Apple can with a huge event.
1027	Because of its network, Wetmore called Great Plains and Pioneer Country grassroots organizations.
1028	"Because of the turmoil of the last 10 days, I have made a decision that it would be in the best interests of The Inquirer, Daily News and Philly.com for me to sell my interest in the company," Drew Katz said in a statement.
1029	Because stem cells are more flexible, they do not require as precise a match for successful transplantation.
1030	Because the case involves local police, the provincial police, Sûreté du Québec, was called in to investigate.
1031	Because the CEO-to-worker pay disparity isn't just a problem for companies that bestow lavish windfalls on their executives; it's also a problem for our economy as a whole.
1032	Because we do not make 100% rational decisions, that's all.
1033	“Because we offer a certain expertise to our customers, there's value in that,” he said.
1034	Become a member of Crosscut today!
1035	BEDEK Aviation is a subdivision of the Israel Aerospace Industries specializing in aircraft maintenance.
1036	Before and after the discussion, attendees viewed an exhibition from Pratt Institute, curated by Peter Patchen, chair of Pratt's digital arts department, featuring digital artwork by Pratt students and recent graduates.
1037	Before his arrest, Richmond told CBC News that he has received treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder.
1038	Before his death, Gurlitt appointed the museum as his sole heir.
1039	Before his start in broadcasting, Williams worked in the White House during the Carter administration, beginning as an intern.
1040	Before meeting Scott, he had a multitude of affairs with models, singers and actresses, and has fathered seven children with four different women.
1041	Before that, most farmers tilled their fields prior to planting, flipping the soil over and burying the weeds to kill them.
1042	Before the game, a moment of silence was held for Quinn and a video tribute was played while Mark Donnelly sang "Oh, Danny Boy.
1043	Before the slaying, the boy was under scrutiny for spraying graffiti, the Eagle County Sheriff's Office said.
1044	Before the Thursday morning news conference, dozens of police officers met with the mayor and police chief at Rochester's public safety building, some in tears.
1045	Before Thursday night, it had been more than twenty years since Everman was in the same room as his former band mates, Dave Grohl and Krist Novoselic.
1046	Beginning at the 10th Rose was already one-over par when he found water twice en route to a triple-bogey eight at the par-five 13th.
1047	Behold the Decabox, which replaced the Octabox.
1048	BEIJING (AP) — A tour bus carrying about 40 people fell off a 10-meter (30-foot) cliff in southwest China's mountainous region of Tibet on Saturday, causing some fatalities, the country's official news agency reported.
1049	Beijing-bound Flight 370 veered sharply off course and vanished shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur on March 8. Authorities believe the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean, and the signals would put it about 1,000 miles off Perth, Australia.
1050	Beijing last month introduced a series of measures to bolster growth, including tax breaks for small enterprises and targeted infrastructure outlays.
1051	Being conservative doesn't mean you can't also be progressive.
1052	Being first is obviously the best, but number three isn't so bad.
1053	''Being here brings it all back,'' the father said.
1054	Being lost is terrifying.
1055	Being on a Flyboard is akin to having your own jetpack.
1056	Being restrictive like that gives drug plans leverage to negotiate better prices and consequently, lower costs.
1057	Being South Florida, one of his home bases is going to be the Dominican Republic, which he will be able to recruit.
1058	Belk matches No. 13 Georgia, No. 20 Louisville Tennessee, Iowa to meet in TaxSlayer Bowl Comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.
1059	Bellevue-based Outerwall reported Thursday that its fourth-quarter revenue rose 5.4 percent to $593.7 million.
1060	Bellhops, however, is not categorized as a full-service moving company, according to Cullins.
1061	Below is a description of some of Syria's main rebel groups: * Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: ISIL was formed by breakaway elements from the Nusra Front, al Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria, which joined with al Qaeda's Iraq branch.
1062	Below the video you'll find a quick jump-to timeline.
1063	Bening, Jessica Collins and Jessica Hecht will play sisters opposite John Lithgow as their addled father this summer in “King Lear” in Central Park.
1064	Ben Kingsley, here with Candice Bergen, played the inspiring leader who used nonviolent tactics to help establish the modern country of India.
1065	Bentiu has traded hands multiple times since violence spread across South Sudan last December.
1066	Berdych is likely to be eliminated after losing two of his three group matches, but the Czech will have to wait until Wawrinka's meeting with Cilic later on Friday to confirm his fate.
1067	Be resposible and explain what the districts gain from the bonds.
1068	Bergdahl 'life' video shown, senators still skeptical Recovery and accusations The accusations of desertion continue to hang over Bergdahl as he recovers.
1069	"Bergdahl was a deserter, and soldiers from his own unit died trying to track him down," Nathan Bradley Bethea, who said he served in Bergdahl's unit, wrote in the Daily Beast.
1070	Berkowitz, now serving six consecutive 25-to-life sentences, claimed a demon spoke to him through a neighbor's dog.
1071	Bernard works year-round on her art, which includes painting with wax as well as making sculptures.
1072	Besides Clinton will be strong right up to her next fainting spell!
1073	Besides his wife, survivors include his son, Fergus; his daughter, Maud Kozodoy; and two grandchildren.
1074	Besides the usual house party atmosphere that White Mystery captures so well, the video also includes some butchery lessons from the band.
1075	Bet $100 on under, win, collect $171.
1076	Beth Robinson of the Vermont Freedom to Marry Task Force, who is among those who fought for marriage equality, on April 7, 2009.
1077	Bet one time if you think the chances might go higher, or bet 10 times if you're positive the chances will go higher.
1078	Better yet, leave Palestine.
1079	Between 1980 and 1993, 192 kids were diagnosed with autism, compared to 100 between 1994 and 1995 and 3,664 between 1996 and the end of the study.
1080	BEVERLY SHERMAN’S FINGERNAILS are painted green and blue.
1081	Beyond beverage choice, Koob, who specializes in the neurobiology of alcohol, has some tips: SUMMER HEAT Heat increases thirst but alcohol is a diuretic, Koob notes.
1082	Beyond the competition and the challenge Weinstein has found a close knit group that he calls family.
1083	Bhudu's sign said.
1084	Bic Camera started a similar sale on Friday.
1085	Big Blue will sell customized iPhones and iPads to businesses.
1086	Big plays saved the day for UW.
1087	@billbellicheatSo your theory is that he committed one of those legal rapes you hear so much about?
1088	Bill C-429 also would have encouraged tower sharing to reduce the need for new locations.
1089	Bill doesn’t like not playing.
1090	Bill Ford said Fields will be a collaborative leader, just like Mulally, but "with not as much hugging."
1091	Bill Mohl, the president of Entergy Wholesale Commodities, said economic factors, especially related to the natural gas market in the Northeast, were the primary reasons for the shutdown.
1092	BILL WOLF, FILE — AP Photo Most Popular Stories Tacoma woman, 19, drowns while traveling in Germany Fife police chief’s resigns amid questions of “why?”
1093	BIND is arguably the most popular DNS software on the planet.
1094	Bird told his wife, Nancy, that he needed some fresh air, according to the Journal's account.
1095	Bitcoin has been mostly used for purchasing illegal materials and was a popular choice of consumers of the now-shut-down drug-selling site Silk Road.
1096	Biya is now getting a hand from the outside.
1097	BJP President Rajnath Singh congratulated party workers for what he described as a "historic victory."
1098	“BlackBerry has a healthy balance sheet, with ample liquidity to execute its turnaround strategy and make the necessary investments for growth,” according to the report.
1099	BlackRock's iShares ETFs owned 39 percent of the global ETF market with $953 billion in assets at the end of April.
1100	Blair stepped down from the post because of developments in his church ministry, which, he said, would not afford him quality time to function as political ombudsman.
1101	Blake Bortles is coming Thursday.
1102	Blake Lively drops thousands on maternity wear, plus more proof stars are nothing like us More from Wonderwall Johnny Depp and Amber Heard: Quirky, cool, old-soul love?
1103	Blame faulty decision-making, like the time you picked with your heart, or by mascot, conference, venue or blindfolded dart-throwing.
1104	Blame it on the emergency room doctors and nurses at the Texas hospital who were caught off guard by the disease and fell short; blame it on Texas state health officials; or, blame it on President Obama and/or the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).
1105	Blame itself belongs to all previous administrations (and sub-committees) as well.
1106	Blatter has been criticized for saying that corruption allegations against Qatar — led by the British media — was racism.
1107	Blue crab threatened by high-dollar harvest?
1108	BMW said in March it will ramp up annual production capacity at its U.S. factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina to 450,000 vehicles by 2016, in a move that cuts the manufacturer's dependence on fragile European markets.
1109	B’nai B’rith receives the pharmaceutical supplies it ships to Latin America from Brother’s Brother Foundation, a Pittsburgh-based charity.
1110	Board composition is about to come under the type of scrutiny previously reserved only for executive compensation So, what's a nominating committee to do?
1111	Bobby Bones will MC the event.
1112	Bobby Jamison, Sherilyn Jamison and 6-year-old Madyson Stormy Jamison were last seen in October 2009 near the San Bois Mountains while scouting for land to purchase.
1113	Bobcats rookie Cody Zeller gets embarrassed by the rim May 2014 be better than its first day for you, Cody Zeller.
1114	Bob Holmes, the president of the Surrey District Parent Advisory Committee, says summer school plans will likely vary district by district.
1115	Bob Paulson, commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, told a Parliament public safety committee on Wednesday the pace and tempo of police operations is brisk but says it's nothing that "Canadians need to be alarmed about."
1116	Bobrovsky had stopped the Bruins' first 23 shots, some with stellar plays.
1117	"Bobsled made me hungry.
1118	Boeing, a defense industry giant, sought information last year about the circumstances of Vergez's hiring, a request one of Tilton's lawyers viewed as an attempt to intimidate the smaller MD Helicopters, documents show.
1119	Boko Haram continues to terrorize and massacre Nigerians.
1120	Boko Haram escapee still afraid May 12, 2014 -- Updated 1318 GMT (2118 HKT) The terrifying news began to spread before the gun-wielding Islamist militants made it into Chibok last month: Boko Haram was on the way.
1121	Boko Haram is an Islamist militant group waging a campaign of violence in northern Nigeria.
1122	Bolstered by the roll-out of new smartphones by brands such as China’s Xiaomi Corp (小米) and Taiwan’s HTC Corp (宏達電), electronic components output grew 7.22 last month from a year ago, Yang said.
1123	Bond villain free running in London Visually impaired skier's Sochi mission "She really wanted me to get her the box set of 'The Sopranos' but then with my last gift, I gave her the ring and asked her to marry me.
1124	BOOKMARK : Add Today in the Sky to your favorites TODAY IN THE SKY: Las Vegas lands nonstop Zurich flights on Edelweiss Air The number of passengers flying domestically was up 1.3%, while international traffic was up 8% for the month.
1125	Border countries such as Italy complain they are being abandoned by their European partners to deal with the massive influx of people, while northern countries insist they have their own migrants to deal with.
1126	Border guards, in grey stone-pattern camouflage uniforms, say they have also noticed increased activity among their counterparts on the other side of the frontier.
1127	Born Chancelor Bennett, the 20-year-old has notably opened for Macklemore & Ryan Lewis and Eminem, and appeared on singles with artists such as Justin Bieber, Childish Gambino and James Blake.
1128	Born in Macksville, New South Wales, Hughes was a talented sportsman who counted both cricket and rugby league among his attributes as a teenager.
1129	Born in upstate New York near Rochester, Hoffman won the Best Actor Oscar for the 2005 biographical film "Capote," in which he played writer Truman Capote.
1130	Born without fibulas -- calf bones -- Pistorius had his legs amputated below the knee at 11 months of age and was fitted with prosthetics which allowed him to play sports.
1131	Borrowing from the ancient Japanese art of origami, children's toys and even a touch of the "Transformers" movies, scientists and engineers at Harvard and MIT created self-assembling, paper robots.
1132	Bosch has pleaded guilty in the case and is co-operating in the prosecution of the other men.
1133	Boston-based Legal Sea Foods offered its condolences to Nelson's family and said it planned to check safety at all of its restaurants as a result of the incident.
1134	Both are key players in a global revolution, aimed at restoring intercultural communication and relationship by focusing on the preservation of meaning, passion and purpose.
1135	Both bird flus cause high fever and respiratory problems, including pneumonia and shortness of breath.
1136	Both Ghani and his poll rival Abdullah Abdullah, a former anti-Taliban resistance fighter, claimed to have won the fraud-tainted June 14 run-off election, tipping Afghanistan into a crisis that threatened to trigger nationwide unrest.
1137	Both Grace and Matthew long to be parents once again and to begin mourning the death of Gloria.
1138	Both had been vetoed by Haley.
1139	Both Mark Scheifele and Jacob Trouba excelled in their first campaign as NHL regulars, and are no doubt the foundation for this team’s future.
1140	Both mother and baby are reportedly doing well.
1141	Both officers tell in similar detail of systematically being "singled out and targeted" in separate "witch hunts" by senior colleagues designed to force them out after complaining.
1142	Both of these coffee funds are piping hot, up more than 75% in 2014.
1143	Both products from the Palo Alto, Calif., company, which retail for $249 and $129 respectively, boast wifi connectivity and app controllability.
1144	Both sides engaged in some politicking and back-and-forth, including a proposal that the games be moved to neutral sites for two years and then reassessed, and another that offered two on the campuses and two at neutral sites.
1145	Both sides have alleged that Mubarak's trials have been politicized, with supporters arguing he was unfairly vilified and opponents fearing that he'd be acquitted as memories of the revolution faded.
1146	Both suspects were described as about 5' 5" and slim in stature, and no injuries were reported.
1147	Both the CBA and major telecommunications companies told Marketplace that customers can avoid the charge if they get statements and bills online.
1148	Both the hospital and family agreed that she met the criteria to be considered brain-dead — which means she is dead both medically and under Texas law — and that her fetus could not be born alive.
1149	Both the Illinois Department of Public Health and the FDA are spending time and money fighting against raw milk cheeses, foods that have been consumed for centuries.
1150	Both the Royal College of GPs and British Medical Association have been vocal about the workload their members are facing.
1151	Both times, she said, they got into arguments that ended with Sinclair unbuttoning his pants and forcing his head into her lap as she cried.
1152	Both were college professors.
1153	Both were treated and released from a hospital.
1154	Both worry about war," Ayed said.
1155	Bouchard said she will return to Montreal to decompress after the Wimledon final.
1156	Boyd, an All-Pac 12 player a year ago, converted a three-point play with 5:42 left to lift the Bears into a tie at 48, then converted a pair of layups as part of a 11-1 run that put Cal in control.
1157	Boyd was a native of Knobel, and served as county judge in the early 1990's.
1158	Bracken said that stings targeted prostitutes and the people they work for, along with people who solicited prostitutes.
1159	Brad Cohen spoke to CBC Daybreak about the bugs his wife found at Fairview.
1160	Braddock lives in Pensacola, Fla., and visited Parris Island, where he once served as a drill instructor, during a recent trip to see family and attend the Beaufort Water Festival.
1161	Brad Watkins, a Division of Agriculture economist based at the Rice Research and Extension Center, will be available at the two Jonesboro meetings to discuss long grain and medium grain rice considerations.
1162	“Braley failed to define himself,” Republican pollster Neil Newhouse said at a recent Washington event analyzing the midterm congressional races.
1163	BRANDING DEAL Alibaba's investment could be more about building a national brand and establishing good relationships than doing good business, analysts said.
1164	Brandon Marshall's Injury - Marshall looked better than he had most of the season, with 61 yards receiving before being forced from the game.
1165	Brannon has a good reply, however.
1166	Brantly was one of two American missionaries brought to Emory for treatment of the deadly virus.
1167	Brasuhn once had a 6-inch splinter driven into her thigh during a match.
1168	Brazil is a vast, varied and amazing country of tremendous potential that is increasingly assuming a role on the international stage.
1169	Brazil tied Mexico 0-0 on the pitch and put its demanding fan base through the wringer.
1170	Brian Cloughley is a former soldier who writes on military and political affairs, mainly concerning the sub-continent.
1171	Brian Elliot, author and mining historian, said at the time: "After the miners' strike many sites were completely obliterated from the landscape.
1172	Brian Little and Michael Frolik scored as the Jets built a 2-0 lead before Chris Stewart scored on a breakaway for Buffalo early in the third.
1173	Brian Todd contributed to this report.
1174	Briefing reporters on a conference call Tuesday, a senior Obama administration official confirmed that the group had been testing bombs at its Syrian camps.
1175	Brier Dudley / The Seattle Times The Sony Tennis Sensor prototype has a sensor embedded in the handle to track ball speeds.
1176	Bring the defecit down.
1177	Brisco faces a list of charges including first-degree robbery, nighttime burglary and wanton endangerment.
1178	Britain became the latest Western government to announce it would close its embassy, fearing being caught in the crossfire.
1179	Britain, Germany, Scotland, France and parts of Canada and Australia have made it illegal for those younger than 18 to use tanning beds.
1180	Britain's Daily Mirror wrote earlier this week, "The joke in England has always gone that Andy Murray is Scottish when he loses and British when he wins.
1181	Britain's main index rose slightly after voters in Scotland rejected a referendum to break from the U.K. Some warned that if Scotland left, uncertainty over the future value of the British pound and government debt would have shaken the U.K economy.
1182	Britain's Office for National Statistics estimated last month that drugs and prostitution would add almost 1 percent to GDP.
1183	Britain's Princess Anne, center, talks with people upon arriving for the opening ceremony.
1184	British Fed Cup captain Judy Murray is set to compete this season on the BBC's "Strictly Come Dancing," the show that inspired "Dancing with the Stars" in the U.S. "If it makes her happy, then I will support her.
1185	Britons jailed for Syria-related terror offences Pictures received by West Midlands Police on December 5, 2014 show Mohammed Ahmed (L) and Yusuf Sarwar (R) after they were arrested at Heathrow Airport.
1186	Brizzolara said the technology is intended to allow sailors who would ordinarily be manning such boats to stay out of harm's way while the self-guided boats seek to "deter, damage or destroy" enemy vessels.
1187	Brockie performed in the persona of Oderus Urungus.
1188	Bronchitis As the journal letter mentions, "acute bronchitis in otherwise healthy adults does not need to be treated with antibiotics," Joseph said.
1189	Brooklyn Beer is so popular here that the craft beer producer is opening its very own brewery in the city, in partnership with Carlsberg.
1190	Brownback insists that his fiscal plan will work by creating more revenue through new economic activity.
1191	Brown Burke says coming out of the meeting, several homeless persons were examined by health professionals and some have been placed at the Bellevue Hospital.
1192	Brown had his hand on the police cruiser, trying to push himself away, Mitchell said.
1193	Brown will also emphasize his Granite State roots and describe himself as an "independent voice" for the state.
1194	Brown won six events and finished second in another over the two meets.
1195	Brunson declined to comment on the matter.
1196	BS leave them alone or find them a HOME..
1197	Bud Withers: 206-464-8281 or bwithers@seattletimes.com Want unlimited access to seattletimes.com? Subscribe now!
1198	… Buffalo Sabres defenseman Tyler Myers will learn if he’ll be suspended for an illegal hit to the head of New Jersey’s Dainius Zubrus.
1199	Buffett argued in the letter that although the outlook for the newspaper industry in general is bleak, there is one area where publications can shine: "in the delivery of local news."
1200	Buffett says Coca-Cola can make the compensation plan acceptable by spreading the stock options over more years than the four initially proposed.
1201	Build more tracks and catenary wires through out Yakima and into Union Gap and consider it as a mode of public transportation.
1202	Built after the Romans conquered parts of the Iberian Peninsula, the mines employed dams and a clever system of canals to channel water, which was used to smash and wash away rock.
1203	Built near the Gulf coast city of Bushehr, the plant had been scheduled to shut in mid January.
1204	Bulldoggs rally to defeat Clarke Central Victory!
1205	Bumgarner did the rest as San Francisco won its eighth consecutive postseason game and seventh in a row when facing elimination.
1206	Burgeo Mayor Barbara Barter said officials from the Department of Transportation and Works are expected to assess the damage Monday.
1207	Burpee said police are still investigating why Ogden, who was taken to Southern Maine Medical Center in Biddeford, drove about half a mile following the crash.
1208	Busby, the State Department official, denied that increased harassment by governments is ever the consequence of U.S. advocacy, instead describing it as "a cynical reaction taken by leaders to advance their own political standing."
1209	"Business cycles tend to die of overheating (excessive hubris and debt)."
1210	Businesses are hopeful the event will bring extra customers downtown, but it's still unclear what the impact will be if any.
1211	"Business for him was so good that even took on other members of his family including his brother-in-law Liang Enmei, an antique dealer in Shanghai, to help recycle the coins and send them back to the coins' original countries.
1212	Business owners must make important and sometimes risky decisions every day to ensure their business is making the most of its funds.
1213	Business's future is in jeopardy Today, only one company buys from the tiny fleet of Atlantic sturgeon fishermen.
1214	But 70 percent of infants who died from 2005 to 2008 had been on a surface not intended for infant sleep, according to a nine-state study published in the American Journal of Public Health.
1215	But a 10-2 deficit in the second quarter left the game tied at 17-1, and a 13-2 edge for Gooding in the third gave the Lady Senators a commanding 30-19 lead heading into the fourth.
1216	But according to the doctor who treated him on March 30, 1981, Brady's greatest accomplishment was "saving the life of the president of the United States."
1217	But added: "What are we doing, absolute bugger all, and really that's not on."
1218	But a defiant-sounding statement from Moscow suggested Putin is unlikely to back off.
1219	But a fourth company saw it differently, persuading the Federal Emergency Management Agency to move the line on its flood maps.
1220	But after a cursory inspection, supervisors dismissed their concerns and threatened wage cuts if the staff did not return to work the next day.
1221	But after Eurostat released data for the 28 European bloc members, the INS said it had revised the first quarter data down to a fall of 0.2 percent.
1222	But after heavy-handed pressure in the first week of January, garment strikers have largely returned to work and opposition leaders are regrouping.
1223	"But after more than two years people have a right to know more about the success of a scheme which involves spending public money."
1224	But after protest from parents group the Parents Television Council claiming that rating was far too lenient for the show's graphic content, AMC switched "TWD" rating last year to the stricter TV-MA.
1225	But after taking a medical timeout and receiving treatment from a trainer, he recovered to play out the final four games of the match, breaking Simon’s serve in the final game, his seventh break in the match.
1226	“But after you strip out the one-time items, it wasn’t that much better.”
1227	But a judge said it was "extortion, plain and simple."
1228	But all is not lily white in the province.
1229	But all people talk about is Shaheen and Brown, every single day."
1230	But, all that is irrelevant when even your liberal politicians voted to continue the Iraq war.
1231	But America's drones keep flying.
1232	But an error in Apple's code could allow hackers on the same network as the user to view private information, security expert Dmitri Alperovitch told CNNMoney.
1233	But Angelou's book is a coming of age story that shows her strength in the face of adversity.
1234	But a panel convened by the State Fire Marshal's Office concluded that the two investigators who testified against Graf in 1988 were wrong.
1235	But Apple uses its own version of Java and didn't get around to patching its software until two months after Oracle fixed it.
1236	But as fuel economy numbers continue to climb, electrification may become the only option, some industry analysts believe.
1237	But as popular as smartphones are for taking pictures, they are saddled with a variety of limitations, including fixed focal length lenses.
1238	But as reported, these were veteran officers and I am confident the student is not dead because he was strategically shot in the arm that was wielding the knife.
1239	But as the crash that soon followed showed, a special case can quickly go from a footnote to the most important issue in economics — and remain the most important issue for a large number of years.
1240	But as the game wore on, she began to get into the flow.
1241	But as these words from ECB Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny suggest, it is not likely.
1242	But as the spacecraft closes in, its cameras will capture sharper and sharper views, unveiling the comet's surface in extraordinary detail.
1243	But at the end of the day, it comes down to playing football."
1244	But at the end of the day, it started with you.
1245	But banks may finally get some tacit approval from the federal government to take on pot customers.
1246	But because the rule will decrease the amount of electricity made from burning coal, it will help reduce other pollutants that coal-fired power plants release.
1247	But believe me, I have no wish to be injured on the job.
1248	But believing in my heart that he would kill me, I was able to jump out the window of the car as he sped off."
1249	But between the “climate deniers” funded by some very deep pockets and the difficulty some people have in getting their heads around this, we have a sizeable part of the population that refuses to accept the on-rushing train.
1250	" But Brenda Joan Ryan, a resident of Pointe-du-Chêne and a member of the group opposing the campground, said she isn't convinced.
1251	But by the time the Fognini battled back to force a fifth set, he had broken rackets, cursed out the chair umpire, yelled at a tournament supervisor and thrown water onto the court.
1252	But CBS' hopes for a coup were partially dashed when Amazon's mobile site on Saturday briefly sold tracks from the album.
1253	But Charlotte attorneys who represented the alleged victim questioned why no action was taken on Kelleher’s case for nearly four years.
1254	But confidentiality guarantees to family members have delayed further sharing.
1255	But crass doesn't equal clever or every comedian who cursed would be George Carlin.
1256	"But deep down I think I knew.
1257	But despite all that, some of the skeptics will never be convinced.
1258	But despite a team-leading six walks, he’s had his playing time drop in the early going as manager Rick Renteria looks for ways to keep newcomer Emilio Bonifacio in the lineup.
1259	But despite the airstrikes overnight and into the morning, the Islamic State fighters managed to capture a police station in the east of the town, said the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
1260	But DiPietrantonio -- often called Stef by those who know him -- has a serious side.
1261	But during his freshman year, Ajayi got arrested for shoplifting.
1262	But during their chat over some seafood in the 'Bu, Mike D tells Choi why L.A. living is so awesome, and how it's influenced the Beastie Boys' and Portugal The Man's music.
1263	But during the volley of shots, it is believed that a single militant attempted to kill Somers and the other hostage, later identified as 56-year-old South African Pierre Korkie, according to the disaster relief group with which he worked.
1264	But DW's Roman Goncharenko doubts that the West's move will provoke a change of course in Moscow.
1265	“But even more damning perhaps, who is in charge?” the senior politburo member asked, alluding to the many competing centres of power in the divided party that include the excitable First Lady Grace Mugabe, party hardliners and a faction of war veterans.
1266	But experts warn it will be difficult since the area where the students may be held is vast, ranging from dense forest to semi-arid desert.
1267	But first the government needs to decide not to put a moratorium in place."
1268	But for John Brennan, a man entrusted with secrets on everything from Obama’s drone war to his cyber espionage campaign against Iran, Brennan’s talk amounts to a kind of dare.
1269	But for now, Weir isn't alone in his excitement, as Pono has already amassed $5.6 million in funding on Kickstarter.
1270	“But for premenopausal women, tamoxifen remains the only choice, and it is a good one,” he said.
1271	But for some parents, like this reporter, the feeling about these inflatables is more along the lines of "accident waiting to happen."
1272	But, for some reason, have run afoul of their release requirements, such as not showing up for court and now wishing they had.
1273	But for that to happen the people have to be heard, we have to learn to listen to people with different opinions," Volkov said.
1274	But for the next two years, he is committed to doing just that.
1275	But for us it's working out locally; we're making a living.
1276	But Frazier connected on a 3, Young had a three-point play and the rout was on.
1277	But, he added, the family did not appear to have the standing needed to file it.
1278	But he didn’t say whether the budget would contain any initiatives cracking down on those fees.
1279	But he did so when his political stock had fallen and the war was controversial.
1280	But he made an impassioned plea for books to be recognised as a cultural product which may help bridge differences between people.
1281	But he remained close to McCray, and sources say he agreed to accept the promotion after she called him over the weekend.
1282	But he said it was also a warning sign of European globalisation fears.
1283	But he tries to reassure Gabrichuk.
1284	But he was not invited to speak at CPAC because he wasn’t conservative enough.
1285	But he wrote from a position of sophisticated knowledge and respect for Parliament.
1286	But his stellar season saw him move on and prove his desire to get to the next level.
1287	But history tells us that is not enough to create a sustainable currency.
1288	"But Hugo wants to put his own stamp on the publication, which is both right and proper," Smith writes.
1289	But I am a guy who can clean up bandages, help clean up patients, swap out bandages, help run IVs, make people's quality of life a little bit better," he told CNN's Arwa Damon during an interview in 2012.
1290	But Ibn Zubayr, as he calls himself, is not just any American.
1291	But if on the other hand you would like control of your own destiny you should be able to do that too.
1292	But if the city falls, Islamic State will have stitched up a 250-kilometer (155-mile) stretch of territory along the Turkish border, according to some analyst estimates.
1293	But if we were looking at all the "Terminator" movies as a whole, including remakes, this would be the fifth film.
1294	BUT, if you chew gum a lot, especially if you have a lot of tension in the muscles of mastication anyways, you're going to have problems..
1295	But if you lack time, ability or desire, consider hiring a top-rated organizer to advise you or take on the project.
1296	But I had to go beyond.
1297	But I’ll confess to two truly embarrassing discoveries from that reading.
1298	But in 2014, analysts expect the FTSE 100 to keep soaring and surpass its dot-com peak, finally passing the 7,000 mark.
1299	But in a statement, Murray knocked the council’s vote for creating a “piecemeal discussion” around the fees.
1300	But in a world of politicians..
1301	But in a written statement, Barry criticized the Tory government for how the province's finances have been managed.
1302	But in his informative new book, Claudio Saunt, a professor in American history at the University of Georgia, begs to differ.
1303	But in March 2013, Italy's Supreme Court overturned the pair's acquittals and ordered a retrial.
1304	But in November, LA Mayor Eric Garcetti ordered the report to be made public before the year's end.
1305	"But in reality, it wasn't much different than the general population.
1306	But I really care about the bed, and I really love it.
1307	But I really wanted this music to be spacious, patient, and slow and picking just the right notes and melodies and letting them sit there after they've been iterated, which is so hard in a group process.
1308	But it also shows me that lending whatever little time and skill you have can make a difference to someone else's circumstances.
1309	But it can only last if there is a government that has a capacity to compromise and be inclusive.
1310	But it gets worse.
1311	But it has never been because of a tic.
1312	"But I think that most valuable thing really is the good will."
1313	But I thought the guys fought hard."
1314	But it isn't just politicians who use a dozen words when one would do.
1315	But it is "still better news than what we had before."
1316	But it is still something that needs to be done … that needs to be tended to.'
1317	But it's also true for non-religious institutions.
1318	But, it's necessary to change in order to survive.
1319	"But it's something you've got to do."
1320	But it's Stroman's vision that will keep this cute, brashy ode to Broadway on Broadway for long to come.
1321	But it was easy for him to see that these four children were being changed forever by the war raging around them.
1322	But it was visited by violence again on 28 April when Mrs Maguire, who taught Spanish and had been due to retire in September, was attacked in her classroom.
1323	But I’ve got to ask: who’s more grizzled than Robert Duvall?
1324	"But I wanted to keep playing regularly and being important in a team."
1325	“But I went inside and once I saw one-high, I felt the ball coming my way.
1326	But Jim Manley, a former senior adviser to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said that job may only get harder if Democrats in Washington turn even further away from the president as the race to replace him gets underway.
1327	But Judge James Walsh has cleared the way for a provincial court trial that will start in June, and is expected to last two-and-a-half days.
1328	But kids need to be active.
1329	But like the early days of video cassette recorders, current smart home products are often incompatible with each other.
1330	But Macron intends to push through far-reaching economic reforms of the kind that have thus far been largely shunned.
1331	But Marks said the possibility of a prisoner swap shouldn't alarm lawmakers.
1332	But Murray, whose major titles came on grass at Wimbledon and on hard courts at the U.S. Open, is proving rather adept at handling the slow surface, too.
1333	But NASA granted MAVEN an emergency exception a few days later, getting things back on track.
1334	But new analyses from a team of researchers with the British Antarctic Survey shows that the glacier is more sensitive to sporadic weather and climate anomalies, such as La Niña events, than previously thought.
1335	But New Mexico’s questionable defense, shortage of experience on both sides of the ball and lack of balance on defense should prevent the Lobos from breaking through to six wins.
1336	But no matter: Phillips-Zagor would rather battle the building's management company in court than clean up her husband's house.
1337	But North America, the European Union and Russia will inevitably reach it if they don't find a way to stop the disastrous spiral of threat and counter-threat," the appeal read.
1338	But not all of us are able to see it through.
1339	But now we have a third party who's done some impartial testing.
1340	"But of course Doug Ford was at his brother's side through every scandal, having his back, vouching for him.
1341	But officials denied the reports and France said it will submit the problematic budget to EU officials unamended.
1342	But Ohio has a similar ongoing case: Two gay men whose spouses were dying sued to win the right to be listed as the surviving spouses on their husbands' death certificates and for their spouses to be listed as having been married.
1343	But oil powers Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait, who are generally hostile to the Brotherhood, came to Egypt's rescue, providing billions of dollars in aid.
1344	But Olivia Chow, I have a lot of respect for.
1345	"But Opec has been known to surprise people."
1346	But Oracle has struggled to integrate the acquisitions into a new platform known as Fusion, which CEO Larry Ellison recently confirmed will be available in 2010.
1347	But other countries experienced remarkable progress or decline.
1348	But our all-time favorite continues to be the Tempeh Chorizo Tacos.
1349	But out in the real world, architects and builders are busy trying to figure out how to put some of the same design features into new homes.
1350	But payroll processer ADP said Wednesday that private employers pulled back on hiring in May, adding just 179,000 jobs.
1351	But polls showed Americans mostly blamed them, not the president.
1352	But probably not."
1353	But relations have sometimes been rocky and the government last year suspended CNPC's activities temporarily, citing environmental violations while drilling for oil.
1354	But reporters are not barred from all of Obama's fundraisers.
1355	But Seattle made enough mistakes in the fourth quarter to let Denver linger.
1356	But Sebastien Arcand, a senior planner with the city, said council’s new naming policy means many more names need to be added to the list.
1357	But several were present at an IOC dinner Thursday night.
1358	But she also called on more countries to “step up” in the global battle against the deadly virus.
1359	But she also warned against the temptation to push tourists farther away.
1360	But she did what she loved."
1361	But she's not a consumer packaged-goods veteran.
1362	But since Little League rules stipulated a team couldn't participate in the Little League World Series unless it had played in a tournament, the young men of Cannon Street were denied their opportunity to play in the championship.
1363	But such agreements have already been broken several times.
1364	But such central bank stimulus can’t do it all alone.
1365	But superconductors aren't just for levitation demonstrations, Sachdev said.
1366	But that is changing.
1367	"But that's different than immigrant," Dennis said.
1368	But that's not always the case in other sectors of the Tanzanian bush where large swathes of land have been transformed for agricultural purposes.
1369	But that's not possible now, so I love you.
1370	But that's not quite accurate.
1371	But that wasn’t what dominated the reports.
1372	But the Americans skated very well after a few days off, and they did everything the could to prove they are ready for a probable rematch with Canada.
1373	But the attempt has backfired.
1374	But the beloved teacher hasn't been forgotten by his students.
1375	But the better phrase for his character, according to Lowe, is a "benevolent narcissist."
1376	"But the bigger picture was just making sure that what we felt we were doing was right and, you know, just seeing it through.”
1377	But the biggest fear among the business and government leaders at the Open Forum was that the proposed SVP initiative's quotas would eliminate the freedom of movement agreement between Switzerland and the EU.
1378	But the biggest reason why "Age of Extinction" should be better than it is can be summed up in one word: dinobots.
1379	But the cases of Maday and Bennett do appear in the trove of documents, illustrating how George struggled in responding to the sex abuse allegations.
1380	But the country is number one in the production of soccer balls.
1381	But the Defense Department did not inform Congress until after the deal was done.
1382	But the digital era is disrupting not just the newspaper business but the form itself, though I believe the reported column is particularly well suited to the Internet era.
1383	But the dislike between Netanyahu and Obama is particularly acute -- and personal.
1384	But the fact that the SEC is involved adds a new layer of concern.
1385	But the fighting has raged on and no troop withdrawal has followed.
1386	But the hapless pair were left reeling when police officers rumbled them shortly after they pushed off the riverbank.
1387	But, the hazards at home are a big worry.
1388	But the idea of violating the principles of our constitution, which is a balance of power, checks and balances, that is something which is wrong," Romney said.
1389	But their interests in the outcome is something that's been widely commented on -- commented upon and something that on a couple of occasions has been discussed on the sidelines of other conversations," Earnest said.
1390	But the Mariners had no answer when the White Sox scored twice in the 16th inning.
1391	But the media are going to be intent on pulling the Clintons down to Christie’s level—although fortunately, Christie may have already taken himself down to a level that even media sensationalism can’t conjure.
1392	But the more vehement the shaking, the more determined I am to deny its existence.
1393	But then after some few moments, one of the uncles in the group tried to make light of the affair, with remarks that went along the lines of, "Old George!
1394	But the new poll also found that half of Americans believe a man with a family has a responsibility to choose a higher-paying job over one that is more satisfying, up from 42 percent who felt that way in 1978.
1395	But then Kaepernick was like, “Well we COULD wait until the second half.
1396	But the polar vortex that enveloped most of the country did end up turning Niagara into an icy spectacle, freezing a section of the American Falls waterfall.
1397	But the president argued that "isolation has not worked" in 50 years and that more could be accomplished through engagement.
1398	But the problem-plagued executions in Ohio, Oklahoma and Arizona add more fuel to the national debate over the death penalty - and how it's carried out.
1399	But the question is not rhetorical.
1400	But, the Quran of the pacifists is completely different from the warmongers'.
1401	But the Raptors responded with an 11-3 run over the next 2:30 to pull away for the victory.
1402	"But there are also differences in connections with the affected countries (Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone), as well as different numbers of cases in these three countries - so depending on that, the probability numbers change."
1403	But there are big differences, too.
1404	But there are many caveats, and homemade doesn't necessarily mean fresh or lovingly chopped up in-house.
1405	But there has been particular concern recently about the forex market, where traders police themselves.
1406	But there has to be a law that governs us all," said pastor Tommie Pierson.
1407	But there is a big piece of work to do … We mustn’t expect that the Church is transformed just because there are two women appearing in the college of bishops.”
1408	But there is always right and wrong.
1409	But there is a problem: giant meat processors like Cargill Inc don't want to touch animals fed with the drug.
1410	But there is no official confirmation the pinging from either ship had anything to do with the missing jet.
1411	But there is so much diversity in Tacoma it can be VERY puzzling to an outsider.
1412	But there’s little likelihood that regulators will use antitrust law anytime soon to curb the company’s growing clout.
1413	But the review found that Omar Gonzalez, the man charged in the incident, could have been stopped by a Secret Service officer who was stationed on the North Lawn with an attack dog.
1414	But the rundown state of many schools cannot be ignored.
1415	But these figures do not count the thousands and thousands of new illegals Obama is dumping on us.
1416	But these kidnappings have struck a nerve in a country unfortunately accustomed to violence.
1417	But these self-proclaimed guidos and guidettes have moved on from Seaside Heights, NJ.
1418	But the siblings couldn't use the bathroom in the adult facility in Texas because cameras watched them from the front and behind, she said.
1419	But the slugger faced Charlie Furbush (1-5) in the 10th and hit a 1-2 slider deep into the right-field seats for his 17th home run.
1420	But the startup is far more interested in releasing a software development kit (SDK) for other Internet partners who could show ads through Open Garden’s mesh networks, in exchange for a fee.
1421	But the state's highest court disagreed.
1422	But the "stress tests" also account for operational risk.
1423	But the thing is you can't go faster than your body heals.
1424	But the thorniest problems are in the lower basin, where a thicket of political and legal deals has left Arizona holding the bag should the Colorado River continue to diminish.
1425	But the tree wasn't well-known before the movie.
1426	But the Turks won’t let them, or heavy weapons, across.
1427	But the two candidates opposing Bashar al Assad seem to know how to tread lightly.
1428	But The Unknown Known pushes past the surface of the Rumsfeld-isms, so easily brushed aside as a sort of dark, absurdist comedy, and asks viewers to reconsider the legacy—financial, moral, and otherwise—of that fateful logic.
1429	But they are expensive at list price—usually the highest price a student can find.
1430	But they are hardly equipped to search the sprawling facility or the forest around it.
1431	But they at least verify a link "between the preferred sleeping position and asymmetric visual field loss between eyes," the authors write.
1432	But they could do more, and if they did do more, that would be welcome."
1433	But they’ve since closed it and opened Soi 38, which serves the hot curries and punchy noodle dishes that they actually cook at home and enjoy in their home country.
1434	But this increasingly cozy relationship could be a concern for Pyongyang.
1435	"(But) this is who we are.
1436	But those are the guys I come back for."
1437	But those increases still haven’t outweighed last year’s drastic declines.
1438	But three centuries is no time at all in the view of many Scots, who regularly re-enact 14th-century sword battles they had with the English and have insisted on self-determination, on and off, ever since.
1439	But three years on they have refused to disarm and their rivalry has exploded in a violent struggle over who dominates Libya after the dictator's demise.
1440	But to critics, the show spotlights a skin-deep appreciation of dogs while downplaying darker sides of breeding, and adding some mixed breeds outside the main event goes only so far.
1441	But to EU nations looking to increasing flexibility and boost their economies, the ultra-liberal British policy looks increasingly attractive.
1442	But until KKG takes responsibility for its members’ actions, how can it demand the same from Holt?
1443	But Variety Club is done for the year -- and possibly for good -- as a result of what trainer Mike De Kock calls "a minor leg injury" and Kingman now is on to his second career.
1444	But we are interested to collaborate with them (the international community) so it is an obstacle that should be removed.
1445	"But we didn't have a conversation about that — just a lot of vague generalities — and if I hear the word ‘prudence’ one more time I think I may lose it because it's a lovely word but it doesn't mean anything," she said.
1446	“But we do not force these views onto other people, and we are completely fine if a guy decides to emasculate himself by marrying a B.C. woman.”
1447	But we don't know much else.
1448	But we only got to see the story from the male characters' point of view.
1449	But we shouldn't always be sad and serious.
1450	But what I also discovered was the profound satisfaction of bringing care directly to those who would otherwise have none.
1451	But what interests were driving the other EU member states to bring Ukraine into the fold?
1452	But what would stop this happening again?
1453	But when it came to ratings, it was a touchdown.
1454	But when she went to the Seattle Police Department’s West Precinct and asked to make a report, the female officer at the front desk seemed uninterested and told Marquand it was unlikely the man could be charged.
1455	But when word of their engagement leaked to the media, the singer stopped taking her calls.
1456	"But when you have a situation like this, when you have three different adjusters involved in one probably relatively small loss, and a whole bunch of insurance companies and a property manager involved and a strata council involved — it's just too much.
1457	But while Boeing clearly doesn’t reserve sales announcements for Air Show news conferences, Airbus sales chief John Leahy always strives for a big splash.
1458	But while developers have plenty of ideas, many lack the technical or business skills needed to make money from them.
1459	But while he called for protests against Mursi last year, he argued his fate should have been decided by a vote, not the army.
1460	But while shipments abroad logged a first increase in three years, imports jumped to their highest ever level, rising by 15 percent and thus inflating Japan's deficit.
1461	But with Gauteng consumers already grumbling over rising prices and an unpopular road toll, extra taxes could further erode support in the nation's main business hub for the party that has governed South Africa since apartheid ended 20 years ago.
1462	But within a week it turned out I was in love with construction."
1463	But with its refinancing and deposit rates already at record lows, the ECB has few options left to support a weak recovery or drive up inflation.
1464	But with Oklahoma City Thunder's Durant, the NBA's leading scorer last season, and Chicago Bulls former league MVP Derrick Rose vying for spots, the U.S. will not lack experience or quality when they fly to Spain for the Aug. 30-Sept. 14 tournament.
1465	But with the most recent round of peace talks having collapsed last month, there is little hope of making progress on any of the core issues anytime soon.
1466	But, yes there is a but.
1467	But you do a back-to-back holiday, and there could be a real issue.”
1468	"But you'd think that after they put in that effort, that then they would maintain them.
1469	Buzinkai suspects that hot, humid weather kept folks indoors earlier this week, which hurt the fundraiser.
1470	Buzzing to have extended my contract with @TheGillsFC Thanks for all the positive comments.
1471	By a 53 percent to 32 percent margin, most think that spanking with an item like a switch, belt or strap should be illegal.
1472	By Adi Robertson 3 hours ago (NASA) Keith Cowing and Dennis Wingo are racing gravity.
1473	By advancing a bill that enjoys little Republican support, House Republicans will be able to clear away a thorny issue, allowing them to concentrate on bashing Obama's healthcare law, which they have repeatedly tried to repeal.
1474	By ALAN SCHER ZAGIER Zuhdi Masri, left, prays for murder victim Zemir Begic with a group of other Bosnians gathered on Holly Hills Avenue in St. Louis on Monday.
1475	By Arata Yamamoto TOKYO - Chinese police have arrested a woman in connection with the case of a Japanese nurse whose corpse was sent to a storage lock-up outside Tokyo in a six-foot box labeled "doll."
1476	By Ashley Fantz, CNN June 4, 2014 -- Updated 2045 GMT (0445 HKT) (CNN) -- "Who did that to you?" a bicyclist in Waukesha, Wisconsin, asked the 12-year-old girl he found bloodied and lying near a wooded area.
1477	By August, the amount had hit $55 million — already surpassing the $49-million value of lobster exports for all of last year.
1478	By Ben Golliver Blazers forward LaMarcus Aldridge poured in 46 points and 18 rebounds in Game 1 against the Rockets.
1479	By comparison, the eastern frontier with Jordan looks like an oasis of calm.
1480	By contrast, Bournemouth and Portsmouth have recently relaxed their licensing rules.
1481	By contrast, Didier said he is seeking support from “liberty-loving patriots who want to limit federal government powers and restore our freedoms.”
1482	Bye-bye big names In truth, the real big cats are conspicuously absent from the scene again this season: Hugo Boss, Escada, Rena Lange, Basler.
1483	By Jessica Wedemeyer Alyssa Milano recently bragged that she's hotter at age 40 than ever before.
1484	By July 2009, Cable & Wireless provided the GCHQ access to 29 out of 63 cables, or to nearly 70% of the data capacity.
1485	By Keith Edwards kedwards@centralmaine.com AUGUSTA — A zoning change is needed for a proposed “hospital hospitality house” for cancer patients or others being treated at the new regional hospital to comply with city codes.
1486	By making one or all of these lunchbox adaptations, your kids and the planet will be much healthier, and you'll teach your kids how respecting the environment is just as important as respecting their overall health.
1487	By making targeted bond purchases on the secondary market, the ECB opened itself to accusations of skirting this ban.
1488	By night, it's a humongous Christmas display.
1489	By Seattle Times business staff Ángel Gonzalez / The Seattle Times Weyerhaeuser’s headquarters building, considered one of the finest examples of modern architecture on the West Coast, is for sale.
1490	By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever.
1491	By Susan Berfield August 06, 2009 You can get a sense of what's important to someone by the stories he tells.
1492	By the end of evacuations Friday night, both said they expect all their 400 vacationers to be out.
1493	By then, it was all about keeping the ball and occasionally countering quickly.
1494	"By the onset of that evening I had appalling pain in my joints, really achy, weak limbs and just a sense that I wasn't well at all," he said.
1495	By the time he died in 1915, he owned a good deal of real estate in Lisbon as well as companies invested in sugar production in Mozambique, cotton in Angola, and - central to his growing empire - a bank, which in 1920 was renamed Banco Espirito Santo.
1496	By the way, Salesforce.com uses our platform to build their applications.
1497	By this way of thinking, picking the wrong debut date could be the difference between a GoPro-style first day bump for Alibaba shares -- or the kind of embarrassing price slide suffered by King (KING), maker of Candy Crush.
1498	By using sugar and stevia, the new drink contains 30 percent less sugar than a regular Pepsi, but no artificial sweeteners or high-fructose corn syrup.
1499	Cabin Fever Adventures; +1 888 740 0815; from $945 per person AFRICA A great view without the dust.
1500	Cachtice today is a well-off village with large houses sporting high hedges, satellite dishes and top-end SUVs parked in the driveways.
1501	Cadilliac Dr. only has one way in or out.
1502	Caitlin Cook / Sunday Gazette-Mail During college when Megan Bullock and Josh Dodd came home to Charleston for visits they always talked about working on projects together.
1503	Calgary also came to terms with tough defenseman Deryk Engelland, who received a significant pay raise in a three-year deal worth $8.7 million, and forward Mason Raymond (three-year, $9.5 million contract).
1504	California, Colorado, Vermont, Connecticut, and the District of Columbia have similar policies.
1505	California has been a prime target, with Perry bashing what he calls the Golden State’s high-tax, over-regulated ways.
1506	Call (415) 777-8815, or e-mail matierandross@sfchronicle.com. Forgot your password?
1507	Call (800) 332-6733 Users of this site agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions Would you like to share your digital subscription?
1508	Calling it his intention to "carry on Ralph Wilson's legacy" in Buffalo, Bon Jovi said his group is committed to working with state and local officials and the business community to identify a new stadium site in the region.
1509	Call Me, Lira The South African star brings a sensuous voice to the blend of smooth R&B, light jazz and reggae on her American debut, Rise Again.
1510	Call the experts is able to point you in the right direction..
1511	Cameras caught a grim-faced Justice Alito sitting in the chamber and appearing to mouth, “Not true.”
1512	Cameron said Britain should join international allies in combating ISIS, a campaign that he warned would take years, not months.
1513	Canada accounts for 21% of global degradation "Canada is the country with the largest share of intact forest degradation in the world.
1514	"Canada has been really hit with the bad weather for the past month, month and a half and it's just nice to get out after being cooped up all the time," he said.
1515	Canada has won the gold three times in a row.
1516	” Canada launched a similar system in 2010 as a result of a partnership between the federal government and the provinces.
1517	Canada plays Finland in Lanarca on Wednesday to open the eight-country Cyprus Cup.
1518	Canada ran them out of rocks to clinch the victory.
1519	Canada's energy sector is now under water about 20 per cent year to date.
1520	Canada's Paralympic curling team takes to the ice on Saturday when it competes against Great Britain.
1521	Canceling the discounts raised the price by 80 percent, which has quickly swelled the Ukrainian debt.
1522	Candice Patton also stars as Iris West, with Rick Cosnett as Eddie Thawne, Danielle Panabaker as Dr. Caitlin Snow, Carlos Valdes as Cisco Ramon, Tom Cavanagh as Dr. Harrison Wells and Jesse L. Martin as Detective Joe West.
1523	Can he compete at the level of this show?
1524	Can it project such awesomeness and such a new vision of happiness to shame local, Lilliputian regulation?
1525	Can Russia lift the World Cup?
1526	Can the 'New Musketeers' triumph? April 2, 2014 -- Updated 1420 GMT (2220 HKT) At the 2009 Australian Open, French men's tennis was the talk of the town.
1527	Can't wait to come back.
1528	Cape County has a great deal of schools in the area.
1529	Capitals F Chris Brown played after getting called up from the AHL earlier in the day.
1530	Captain Iker Casillas wants the European champions to have that position locked down by the time La Liga shuts down for Christmas in seven weeks’ time.
1531	Carbohydrate-electrolyte feedings improve 1h time trial cycling performance.
1532	Cardinals in my Conway neighborhood have started tuning up for the impending spring songfest with their “whit, whit, whit” songs becoming a bit more emphatic as the days progress.
1533	Cardosa's lawyer, Randy Collins, said in a written statement that in the face of "very public claims of abuse," it would be his task "to see that justice prevails in the midst of the media wildfire."
1534	Cardy said on Thursday the province's chief scientist would be appointed by the government and then that person would be responsible for appointing the rest of the members of the agency.
1535	Carl Opgaard was known for being out and about around the Tacoma Community College campus.
1536	Carlos Ruiz, a 58-year-old electronic engineer from Lima, said he was "worried about the future of my children, and their children," citing pollution and rising temperatures.
1537	Car makers have made it more difficult to steal cars; the result is that more drivers are forced from their vehicles by carjackers.
1538	Carmakers turned up the discounts, and GM later had to take off the third shift at its Ohio small-car plant.
1539	Carmelo Anthony’s indecisiveness seemed to indicate that all the momentum that had him heading back to the New York Knicks has hit some obstacles.
1540	Carmichael, 57, died in the capital Conkry, after a more than two-year bout with prostate cancer.
1541	CARNEY SPEECH 12:50: Mr Carney is being asked about payday lenders.
1542	Carney went on to explain that developers or applicants need variances for a variety of reasons.
1543	Caroline Shaw: 'Improvisation' By Victor Lazaro January 22nd, 2014 The Pulitzer Prize-winning composer Caroline Shaw performs an improvised piece with violin, voice and a loop station.
1544	Carol Tobias, president of the National Right to Life Committee, described the overall drop in abortion numbers as evidence that the anti-abortion movement's lobbying and legislative efforts were having an impact.
1545	Carol Zinke talked to health care professionals and someone living with seasonal affective disorder.
1546	Carroll later said Gilliam’s play stood out.
1547	Car sales may rise to 11.4 million units next year, from 10.3 million this year, say analysts at Standard & Poor's, which like BusinessWeek is owned by The McGraw-Hill Companies (MHP).
1548	Cars carrying propane went off the tracks in the border town, near Taylor Avenue and Fifth Street East, at around 7:30 a.m. CT Tuesday.
1549	Car-sharing platforms, operated by the big carmakers, are a good example," Bratzel says.
1550	Cars made of East German coins Today, the vault store contains design proposals for East German banknotes.
1551	Case closed, with a happy ending But don't worry, everyone, the case is closed.
1552	Casper and Jennifer’s break-up was only confirmed earlier this week, however the singer has already had to deny reports she’s started dating again.
1553	Castro's brothers: Ariel fooled us May 13, 2013 -- Updated 1453 GMT (2253 HKT) Ariel Castro's brothers say he's "a monster" who should rot in jail and they "want the world to know" they had no idea their brother was holding women captive.
1554	Catalonia held the poll after plans to stage a proper referendum were also suspended when the Spanish government challenged its legality.
1555	"Caterham has worked tremendously hard to compete in F1 and some of the goalposts have moved slightly over the last for or five years to make it even more difficult.
1556	Catholics who swarmed Madrid for the beatification from Africa, Latin America and the Philippines were confident that would happen.
1557	Caught by surprise and inadequately warned, residents corralled family members into boats and toward any available elevation, scrambling to save provisions and livestock and heirlooms and pets.
1558	'Cause I want it to just live."
1559	CBC Global Navigation CBC News Arts & Entertainment Major StoriesIn The News Wilko Johnson, British guitarist, says he's cancer-free after terminal diagnosis The 67-year-old ex-Dr.
1560	CBC News Posted: Apr 28, 2014 6:56 AM AT Last Updated: Apr 28, 2014 6:56 AM AT This vacant laundromat in North Sydney was destroyed by a fire on the weekend.
1561	CBC News Posted: Aug 12, 2014 6:02 PM CT Last Updated: Aug 12, 2014 9:55 PM CT An armoured vehicle leaves the scene of a standoff at the 100 block of Avenue O South after a 20-year-old man surrendered Tuesday evening.
1562	CBC News Posted: Dec 21, 2014 9:35 AM AT Last Updated: Dec 21, 2014 9:35 AM AT The bus driver pulled over and called police after hearing a fight.
1563	CBC News Posted: Nov 28, 2014 9:39 AM ET Last Updated: Nov 28, 2014 9:39 AM ET The fire broke out in a basement storage locker and quickly moved to the first and second floors of the apartment building.
1564	CBC recently announced the cancellation of several shows, including the dramas Cracked and Arctic Air, cooking shows Best Recipes Ever and In the Kitchen with Stefano Faita, and comedy series The Ron James Show.
1565	CBC's Todd O'Brien visited Scotland in 2005 and shot the documentary above, originally broadcast in three parts.
1566	CBSNews.com - Breaking News Web Shows Resources Obama gets back behind the wheel Israeli, Palestinian cease-fire fails as fighting continues Can Google Glass be controlled with your mind?
1567	CDC issues highest level one alert for Ebola crisis Almost a thousand people in four countries have died in over 1,700 cases of this historic Ebola outbreak.
1568	Celebrities and artists including Esther Rantzen, Sheridan Smith and Kristen Scott-Thomas were among some of the high profile winners,.
1569	Celebrity singing coach will.
1570	Central African Republic has long been one of the world's most unstable countries.
1571	CenTran proposes a 16-mile line along the Seattle waterfront from Ballard to West Seattle.
1572	CEO Ann Hand likens it to Ikea furniture, but the parts make an entire one- or two-story building rather than a nightstand.
1573	CEO Mary Barra told congressional committees in April that she wouldn't give them the full report but would hand over the parts directly related to safety.
1574	CEO Vittorio Colao said Thursday Vodafone will respond "through on-going improvements to our operating model and cost efficiency.'
1575	Cereal and fruit juice have been breakfast staples for generations - though that now seems to be changing.
1576	Certain apple trees will require an apple of a different variety nearby for cross pollination.
1577	Cesar Palacio, the chair of the city’s licensing and standards committee, believes that some of his colleagues are supportive of the proposed changes.
1578	Chaffetz said he has a problem with that, too.
1579	Championship games honestly don't get much more straightforward than that.
1580	Chancellor was voted a defensive captain by his teammates, but he prefers to do his talking man-to-man.
1581	Chandler played a key role in the NBA’s highest-scoring team putting together a nearly unstoppable start that gave them the lead for good.
1582	Chang'e-3 and Jade Rabbit, China's first lunar rover, initially landed on the moon on December 14th.
1583	"Changes in health care financing could encourage health care delivery systems to think about population health management in a way that gives room to address issues not classically thought of as medical, like unmet basic needs," he said.
1584	"Changing people's race or changing people's gender can feel more threatening or a bigger deal than changing Thor into a frog," said Berlasky, referencing a popular storyline in which the Norse god transforms into an amphibian.
1585	Chang says Jacobs has been working in the constituency and the party is confident that she will be successful in an election.
1586	Chapman, who is a part of his school's football and cricket teams, and an active member of his 4-H Club, has been nicknamed Superman, and is said, by his coach, to be self-motivated.
1587	Charged with money laundering in May, Michael Le appeared in Perth Magistrates Court this morning to seek a change in his bail conditions to allow him to travel to Vietnam.
1588	Charged with simple larceny is Andrew Walker.
1589	Charles and Camilla have now returned to the UK after their four-day tour of Canada.
1590	Charlie Crist, Bruce Braley, Michelle Nunn, Mary Landrieu, Jason Carter: All have received help from O'Malley personally or from his political action committee, O'Say Can You See PAC, according to a spreadsheet of his fundraising activity obtained by CNN.
1591	Charlotte Gifford 5pts Well the death toll will rise.
1592	Charter enrollment has grown rapidly since 2000, increasing by more than nine times from 5,400 students to nearly 49,000 in 2013 at about 120 schools — or about 12 percent of all public school enrollment.
1593	Charter said Monday it would bring an offer directly to shareholders if needed after getting rebuffed by Time Warner Cable's management.
1594	Chasing anarchy The technical mishap was the result of a software error.
1595	Chat with friends playing different games.
1596	Check out the demo version below, which is a lot rougher and more kinetic than the version that appeared on Repeater.
1597	Check out the Picture This archive here.
1598	Check out the video below to see some of what's possible, like changing the angle of WWII planes to face the viewer, closing the lid of a laptop or setting upright a knocked-over chair.
1599	Check out this bizarrely-colored baboon baby from Israel.
1600	Chelsea and Bayern Munich have unsuccessfully courted the midfielder and right back, who has an eye for goal.
1601	Chemical and biological experts were investigating the substance The German consulate said staff had been evacuated.
1602	Chen has called on the government to investigate the incident through diplomatic channels, offer better protection for Taiwanese boats and help fishermen seek compensation in such cases.
1603	Cheryl Wendy Simon was arrested Friday night at a local business following reports of intoxicated people causing a disturbance.
1604	Chesterfield will pay $5.1 million a year for the 32,000 laptops once high school students are included.
1605	Chevron and YPF also this month unveiled plans to spend another $1.6 billion to develop the Vaca Muerta shale formation for oil and gas projects.
1606	Chicago's 240-mile subway system, which had fallen into disrepair in recent decades, has recently undergone renovations.
1607	Chief Superintendent Mike Jeffrey worked as the detachment commander in Iqaluit just over a decade ago.
1608	Chikungunya was first reported in the region by the World Health Organization (WHO) last December.
1609	Child labor can take many forms.
1610	Children age 5 and under will also get in free.
1611	Children are seen as more "recruitable" - easily influenced to carry out an attack and rarely suspected by security forces.
1612	Children are very perceptive — they'll notice your body language and tone of voice.
1613	Children of well-off families marry others from well-off families, while the poor marry the poor.
1614	Children were told they could draw a picture of anything they like.
1615	Chilean players celebrate together after midfielder Charles Aranguiz gave them a 2-0 lead against Spain.
1616	China Finance Online Announces Change in Auditing Firm BDO is one of the leading global accounting firms with member firms over 144 countries.
1617	China Harbour is part of a conglomerate blacklisted by the World Bank under its Fraud and Corruption Sanctioning Policy.
1618	China has maintained it has sovereignty over the reefs and ignored Manila's protests.
1619	China is already active in oil production in the north of Afghanistan.
1620	China refused to listen to Vietnamese complaints after it moved the rig, and pulled it out on its own terms.
1621	China's action, which targets companies like McKinsey & Company and The Boston Consulting Group (BCG), stems from fears the firms are providing trade secrets to the U.S. government, the FT reported, citing unnamed sources close to senior Chinese leaders.
1622	China's Confucius Institutes have proved controversial The success of China's economy provokes both fear and admiration though China would like more of the latter.
1623	China's controversial philanthropist June 26, 2014 -- Updated 0334 GMT (1134 HKT) Chen Guangbiao wants rich people to give more to charity and he'll do anything to get their attention, including buying lunch for poor New Yorkers.
1624	China's Foreign Ministry said late on Saturday that the action by the Philippines would not change the reality of China's sovereignty over the shoal, which Beijing calls Ren'ai reef.
1625	China's Hu Jintao didn't bring his wife to a state dinner in 2011.
1626	"China will unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and firmly oppose any act of hegemony in maritime affairs," Li said at a maritime summit in Greece on Friday in comments carried by China's Foreign Ministry website on Saturday.
1627	Chinese bond markets.
1628	Chinese impatience has grown.
1629	Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Billionaire T. Boone Pickens challenged President Obama to a one-hour workout in an effort to bring attention to his energy plan that focuses on replacing oil with natural gas.
1630	Choose from smart plaids, classic pinstripes or quiet grays—if you need time to decide, you can always mull it over with a beer in the back.
1631	Chow criticized Tory for his idea to allow condos on the provincially run lakefront space.
1632	Chow was also asked about her message for current Mayor Rob Ford, who dropped out of the race as he undergoes treatment for a cancerous tumour in his abdomen.
1633	CHR, however, cautions that claims about efficacy of this new PGS, found in even prestigious peer-reviewed medical journals, are based on inappropriate study designs and incorrect statistical data analyses.
1634	Chris Greencorn, Director of Public Works for the City of Yellowknife, says motorists should expect delays along Frankin Avenue again this summer, as the city works to replace water mains.
1635	Chris Poynter, a spokesman for Fischer, said city government has 26,000 vendors, from small businesses to large companies.
1636	"Chris's management style was not adequate," Weinberg said on the call with analysts.
1637	Christiane Amanpour The year ended with the country in financial chaos, because of Western sanctions over Ukraine, the falling price of oil and Central Bank missteps.
1638	Christian Eriksen’s 71st-minute free-kick secured victory after Leonardo Ulloa had canceled out Harry Kane’s first-minute opener for Spurs.
1639	Christian Petersen, Getty Images Graeme McDowell of Northern Ireland walks off the 11th green during a practice round for the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am.
1640	Christie and his staff originally blamed traffic snafus on a transportation study they said had been mishandled.
1641	Christie hasn't been tied to the scandal, but his aides and appointees have been accused of closing lanes on the George Washington Bridge to punish the Fort Lee mayor, who didn't endorse Christie.
1642	Christie: N.J. may consider housing kids from southern border influx In June, while the governor was in San Francisco, he refused to lay out his position, again saying his current location was not the appropriate venue for such a topic.
1643	Christie's appearance for Walker, a fellow potential contender for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, came the same day as first lady Michelle Obama campaigned for Burke in Milwaukee.
1644	Christina S. Walters was 20 when she murdered a 19-year-old woman and a 25-year-old woman in Fayetteville, North Carolina, on August 17, 1998.
1645	Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund, on Wednesday warned of the risk of deflation - a damaging and sustained spiral of falling prices - even as she was optimistic about improving economic growth.
1646	Christopher resident John Niana says First Baptist Church came up with one of the best.
1647	Christopher Towles, 26, vanished Wednesday, August 6. He was reported missing by his mother on Friday when he failed to show up for work.
1648	Chris Wood was the first.
1649	Chuck Gaidica, a former Detroit television personality and now pastor at a church in the Detroit suburb of Troy, reminded whites and blacks at the service of their relationship to one another.
1650	CIA director on Obama's ISIS strategy It¹s new ground for the U.S., which lacks robust intelligence capabilities in Syria and hasn't sent any ground forces there.
1651	Circles can spawn sub-circles, and connect with other circles with "links"—roles that form conduits between circles.
1652	Citizen@gmail.com Kim Stryker, left, and Ken Riley, center, present Chuck Jarrett with a check for $250 from the Gay Business Guild of Eureka Springs to support Jarrett's ministry to feed the hungry.
1653	City Paper Real Deal Click here for more contests.
1654	City's historic homes, buildings.
1655	Civilian targets were targeted.
1656	Civil unrest and chaos because of a choice of who to do business with.
1657	Claiming that there is “racial bias” against white people—in other words, that there are historical and deeply ingrained structures of bias in our politics, society and economy against white people—is not only inaccurate but insulting.
1658	“Clarkston is a town of about 8,000, and then moving to Seattle, the whole world was at my fingertips.
1659	Clashes erupted between Palestinian worshippers and Israeli forces during Friday prayers at the Al Aqsa Mosque compound.
1660	Claudio Yacob (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
1661	Claus says that by creating the division, "probably 20 people have removed their transfer requests."
1662	Clean up credit reports When trying to improve a credit score after bankruptcy, the first step a person needs to take is a review of his or her credit reports.
1663	Clear a Path In Public Areas Having stuff scattered on the floor—toys, gym shoes, stacks of magazines—is a clear indication that your home is in disarray.
1664	Clearly we don't, and this email proves it," he said.
1665	Cleary will be in Sierra Leone for a month and she expects to be back in New Brunswick in December.
1666	Clemson athletic director Dan Radakovich said Swinney was one of the top coaches in the Atlantic Coast Conference and the country.
1667	Click here for more news from Canterbury.
1668	Click here for more news from Dover.
1669	Click here for more news from Kent.
1670	Click here for more sport from Kent.
1671	Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program.
1672	Click here to learn more from our frequently asked questions.
1673	Click on the images to find out more, and share your wildlife photos on iReport.
1674	Click the link for details.
1675	Click to view comments Bowe Bergdahl Investigation Wraps Up; Top Leaders Get BriefingsHuffington Post Trending46218083 Families of Newtown victims sue rifle manufacturerAssociated Press Top Holiday Searches Trending2631760 Amal Clooney married down.
1676	Click to view comments View Comments (2066) Video of Kangaroos Boxing in the Street is the Most Australian Thing You … Delaware mother charged after daughter brings heroin to daycare Sponsored  What would Buck Rogers think?
1677	Click to view comments View Comments (2328) Hamas leader to Obama: Stop Gaza 'holocaust' Michael Brown's family prepares to lay him to rest Foley family celebrates his life, prays for hostag … 74 Yr Old Outsmarts Doctors.
1678	Clinton Baldwin is believed to have escaped from the prison between 20:00 BST on Monday and 08:30 on Tuesday.
1679	Clinton's daughter, Chelsea, and her husband are expecting their first child.
1680	Clinton stands during a news conference following meetings at the prime minister's office in Pristina, Kosovo, on October 31, 2012.
1681	Cllr Brazier added: "We always aim to make permanent first-time fixes, and once the weather became drier in the spring we were able to accelerate our Find and Fix repair programme."
1682	Cllr Clarkson added: “We are aware shops are closing.
1683	Closures will come into effect as five gantries are installed near the tunnel entrance and on the Queen Elizabeth II Bridge.
1684	Clowney’s ability to apply pressure on the quarterback has never been questioned.
1685	Club president Bernd Wahler said that Stevens has a contract until the end of the season.
1686	Clunky controls: It's hard to perform certain functions through this program that seem like they should be pretty basic.
1687	CNET Japan ニュース 製品・サービス LG、「G3」用ワイヤレス充電対応ケースを発表--カバーを閉じたまま端末操作可能 クリップした記事をMyページから読むことができます Here's my content 　LGの新型フラッグシップスマートフォン「LG G3」は米国時間5月27日に発表される予定だが、その発表に先駆けて、同社はこの新端末の一端を明らかにした。
1688	CNN iReport By the CNN iReport Team The ultra-modern steel and glass Liege-Guillemins railway station in Liege, Belgium, was designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava and opened in 2008.
1689	CNN legal analyst and consumer attorney, Brian Kabateck, says the law is intended to protect the public.
1690	CNNMoney called four major carriers to see how they are going to handle the change, but no one's talking yet.
1691	CNN reported that the dolphins taken Saturday and Sunday were likely to be sold into captivity at marine parks in Japan and overseas, according to the conservation group.
1692	CNN's Allie Malloy contributed to this report.
1693	CNN's Chad Myers, Sean Morris, Dave Hennen, Martin Savidge and Jareen Imam contributed to this report.
1694	CNN's Ralph Ellis, Jethro Mullen and Chieu Luu contributed to this report.
1695	CNN's Tim Lister and Bryony Jones contributed to this report.
1696	CN said molten sulphur is a dangerous good, but calls the amount of it that leaked "very minor."
1697	Coach Ben Hall said the event gives the players something to look forward to during the somewhat monotonous offseason schedule.
1698	Coach (COH)shares plunged over 9% after the maker of leather goods predicted a prolonged slump in sales and announced plans to close more stores.
1699	Coach Dana Altman has said Cook and Abdul-Bassit were disciplined immediately but has not explained how.
1700	Coach Marc Trestman said at the NFL owners meetings that Conte proved he can be a starter during the 2012 season.
1701	Cobb has been ordered by police to get rid of all but one of his 29 exotic boa constrictor snakes because he doesn This is a close-up of the previous slide, which turned out to be a baby baboon found in South Africa on July 10, 2013.
1702	Cocaine got a bad rap in the early 1900s because allegations spread that cocaine made Black men rape White women.
1703	Cody definitely brings veteran leadership and versatility to our team and defense.”
1704	Coincidentally, it was Feldman who recommended the Cubs to Hammel after they became Orioles teammates and Hammel was looking at free agency coming off two injury-hampered seasons.
1705	Coincidentally, Kramer said the federal agency is conducting a previously planned site visit this week.
1706	Cole said she’s disappointed in the town and said it is time to consider dissolution.
1707	Cole, who may start for the Dunedin Blue Jays in their playoff game this week, may also have a shot at breaking the Single-A franchise's single-season strikeout record of 174. Both have also seen growth this season.
1708	Collecting data on the 4-inch-long white and red coral will help scientists determine the ecological importance of deep sea communities in the area and the threats they face, said the Farallones sanctuary's superintendent, Maria Brown.
1709	Colombia won the match 2-1.
1710	Colorado Republicans want to make sure they stay that way.
1711	Colorado state lawmakers are considering a bill to spend about $250,000 to continue a hotline students and teachers can use to report threats and bullying anonymously.
1712	Colorado took 18-year-old midfielder Caleb Calvert eighth and the San Jose Earthquakes picked up 22-year-old forward Kristopher Tyrpak ninth.
1713	Column: Make Your Business Appear in China's Search Results Silver is a reporter for Bloomberg News in Rome, and author of The Lost Chalice: The Real-Life Chase for One of the World's Rarest Masterpieces (HarperCollins).
1714	Combat operations have a tendency to chew through spare parts, which could prompt the air force to curtail other activities — and possibly cannibalize other jets — to keep the front line going, he said.
1715	Comedian Sarah Silverman gets a laugh out of HuffPost Live's Marc Lamont Hill on Nov. 22, 2013.
1716	Come in and see what they are up to today.
1717	Comments + Leave a Comment Show me all earlier comments Deep Throat February 03, 2014 at 01:35 PM Patch now entering the medical field.
1718	Commercial property transactions totaled NT$88.3 billion (US$2.94 billion) last year, down 11.85 percent from a year earlier and the softest since the global financial storm struck in 2008, international property service provider DTZ said.
1719	Commissioners Cheek and Jr. Howell met with Peacock to discuss the medical insurance for county employees.
1720	Common holiday fights and how to stop them December 20, 2012 -- Updated 1208 GMT (2008 HKT) Don't let squabbles over traditions and simple things ruin your holiday this year.
1721	Community and nosocomial transmission are still occurring in Gueckedou, Macenta, and Conakry.
1722	Community banking operations were positively impacted by a $1.2 million increase in net interest income to $10.5 million during the third quarter of 2014 compared to $9.3 million during the third quarter of 2013.
1723	Commuters were hustled out of the station, and gates were pulled down.
1724	Companies said new orders and employment levels were largely steady compared with three months prior, while four firms reported increased staff.
1725	Companies that want to improve their services use the information their customers provide, whether their privacy policy uses the word 'research' or not."
1726	Companies, unlike consumers, who have users running Office on OS X, typically want time to test and verify any upgrade -- a time-consuming task -- before beginning to deploy the applications.
1727	Comparisons to South Africa's racist rule have increased in public discourse about Israel and its treatment of Palestinians.
1728	COM Retired Lt. Gen. Frank Wiercinski, a finalist for the University of Hawaii president's job, answers questions from the Board of Regents at a public meeting at the UH-Manoa campus.
1729	Confusing two black women for each other has it's own racial implications.
1730	Congrats to my close friend, Tony Blinken, the new Dep.
1731	Congress is also expected to pass legislation extending the ban on state and federal taxes on access to the Internet and legislation to permit satellite television providers to continue to retransmit broadcast television station signals.
1732	Congress required that co-pilots have at least 1,500 hours of flying, to match the minimum for pilots, and the FAA finalized last July exemptions for military pilots and graduates of four-year colleges.
1733	Connectivity is best described as the speed at which data flows.
1734	Conservative Catholic teaching at the time denied children of unmarried parents baptism and therefore burial in consecrated lands.
1735	Considered among the top dual-threat quarterbacks in the country, he also rushed for 715 yards and nine scores.
1736	Consider, for example, the creation of value-added agriculture in the free economic zones.
1737	Consider the fact that feet are our shock absorbers and propel us through our world.
1738	Consider these container gardening tips. 1 Put your trees and shrubs in large containers, then use them to add shade and privacy to a porch or patio or to accent a lackluster landscape.
1739	Consolidated operating income margin was 26.5 percent for 2013, compared with 11.4 percent for 2012.
1740	Constable Paul Didham of the RNC believes that unsafe practices likely led to Sunday's accident.
1741	Construction of the project is slated to begin in mid-2015 and finish about 18 months later.
1742	Consumers' wishes in focus Consumers "expect to get the product they want as fast as possible," said Eckhardt Ebele, who works with industrial automation systems for Siemens.
1743	Contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips.
1744	Contact the state Department of Health and Human Services licensing office to check on the status of a center’s license: 297-3000.
1745	Contact us by sending an email or phone our news tips line at 514-597-6300.
1746	Contact Us — Do you have a question about U.S. News?
1747	Contador led a small attack on a low-grade climb with about 6-kilometers left, but couldn't shake Nibali.
1748	Content preferences Done BEIRUT (AP) — Activists say an al-Qaida-linked group has pushed out rival rebels to regain full control of a provincial capital in northeastern Syria.
1749	Content preferences Done BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) — Serbia has charged five people with fighting in Syria and helping to organize the transfer of fighters from Europe for the Islamic State group.
1750	Content preferences Done CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina Family Court judge has ordered U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford and his ex-wife, Jenny, to work with a mediator to resolve a dispute over money for their two youngest sons.
1751	Content preferences Done Fighters for the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) took Mosul today, giving the militant group control of Iraq’s second largest city and setting the country on a path toward chaos.
1752	Content preferences Done FORT KENT, Maine (AP) — A nurse who successfully fought an Ebola quarantine order is planning to leave a Maine town with her boyfriend and may move out of state.
1753	Content preferences Done GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands (AP) — A boat with 15 Cuban migrants who say they are bound for Honduras is moored in waters of the Cayman Islands.
1754	Content preferences Done Lionfish, an invasive Pacific Ocean species, have been wiping out native fish populations in the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean for the past couple of decades.
1755	Content preferences Done LONDON (AP) — Markets in Europe brushed aside weakness in Asia on Thursday as investors awaited the latest remarks from the European Central Bank's top official.
1756	Content preferences Done NCH's VideoPad Master's Edition 3.74 adds unlimited audio tracks and plugin support to a fast and easy-to-use video suite.
1757	Content preferences Done PARIS (AP) — France's foreign minister says that leaders of the Group of Eight world powers have suspended Russia's participation in the club amid tensions over Ukraine and Russia's incursion into Crimea.
1758	Content preferences Done PARIS (Reuters) - Countries opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should boost support for groups fighting jihadists in light of the spiralling crisis in Iraq, France said on Thursday, offering to contribute to the effort.
1759	Content preferences Done PURCHASE, N.Y. (AP) — Federal investigators have recovered a piece of the engine of a small plane that crashed and killed a member of the Rockefeller family in suburban New York.
1760	Content preferences Done PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — The wild world of professional wrestling is heading to North Korea.
1761	Content preferences Done (Reuters) - Basketball's governing body FIBA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Australia over allegations they lost a World Cup game against Angola in order to delay an encounter with the USA.
1762	Content preferences Done (Reuters) - Microchip Technology Inc said it would acquire Taiwan's ISSC Technologies Corp, which provides low-powered bluetooth technology for the Internet of Things, in a deal that values the company at about $328.5 million.
1763	Content preferences Done SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Chinese president arrives in Seoul for visit that snubs North Korea, bolsters trade with South.
1764	Content preferences Done THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Law enforcement authorities have arrested 70 people at airports around the world in a meticulously coordinated crackdown targeting criminals using fake or stolen credit cards to buy airline tickets.
1765	Content preferences Done Today is Tuesday, May 27, the 147th day of 2014.
1766	Context: Meet the creator of ZeuS In one of the more colorful stories from the jungle floor of cybercrime, Panin's big successes with SpyEye appears to have come after he struck a deal with the creator of ZeuS to merge rival products.
1767	Continue reading the main story More from the Magazine In 1974, police launched one of the biggest murder investigations Iceland has ever seen.
1768	Contrastively, 'Any-Lingo' uses moving flash cards reminding of images related with the words.
1769	Controversial tax The carbon tax, introduced under former Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard, charged around 350 of Australia's biggest companies 25.40 dollars for each tonne of CO2 they emitted.
1770	"Conversely, there are certain damaging words and phrases great leaders would never say," Price explains.
1771	Conversely, the typical high income family reported the lowest level of student borrowing this past year, and covered more than half of the cost with parent income and savings.
1772	Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features.
1773	Cooper meant the world to him."
1774	Cop allegedly objects to proof of insurance on phone, gets law wrong In more than half the states, drivers are allowed to show proof of car insurance electronically.
1775	Copyright Getty Images INDIANAPOLIS - The judge who oversees Small Claims Courts in Marion County is drafting a rule change in response to a Call 6 Investigation that appeared to show a judge using public resources to promote her private wedding business.
1776	Cornish, the CFL's Most Outstanding Player in 2013, leads the league in rushing with 1,082 yards even though he's appeared in just nine games this season.
1777	Costa Rica only needed a draw to top Group D and played that way, setting up in a defensive 5-3-2 formation against England.
1778	Cotton declined to describe how his client was doing but said anyone incarcerated that young "is going to have a hard time."
1779	Cotto won every round, including a 10-6 first.
1780	Could it be true that the earth is in constant change, and Mt. Everest once under water?
1781	Could there be a more obvious connection between church and state?
1782	Could the school's requirement for a "handler" be met by a small group of volunteers?
1783	Coulson’s pal John Garrett (guest star Bill Paxton) was ultimately revealed as The Clairvoyant, while Ward was revealed as another secret member of HYDRA.
1784	Councilmember Yvette Alexander (D-Ward 7) says she will spread the word about OCOF throughout her ward, and she hopes her fellow councilmembers will do the same.
1785	Counsel can assist victims in seeking a recovery of funds through forfeiture proceedings.
1786	Countries such as China, France, the UK and US have sent military assistance to help find the girls but they have not yet been rescued.
1787	Court documents indicate the girls were under 13 at the time, with one as young as 5. Messages seeking comment were left for the man's attorney E. Darren McNeal, whose legal assistant said McNeal won't discuss the case.
1788	Courtesy Salt Lake Bees Bees manager Keith Johnson's life is filled with trying to help his players achieve their big league dreams, all while trying to achieve his own.
1789	Courtney Wilson, First Global Bank's assistant vice-president, Western Region, said he is expecting Farm Primary to produce the same level of excellence as other schools across the island in which the programme has been launched.
1790	Court records show Linda LeBrane was under the influence of marijuana at the time of the attack and mistakenly identified several different people.
1791	Covered the Yarnell Hill Tragedy in June 2013 that left 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots dead.
1792	Covering a cruise ship disaster July 6, 2012 -- Updated 1654 GMT (0054 HKT) CNN's Dan Rivers asks: how could this happen, nearly 100 years after the Titanic?
1793	Cowboys coach Jason Garrett was similarly oblique when asked whether the injury was a bruise.
1794	Cowboys deal for McClain The Dallas Cowboys have acquired the rights to former Baltimore linebacker Rolando McClain and are placing linebacker Sean Lee, who is recovering from a torn knee ligament, on season-ending injured reserve.
1795	Crabtree should have LeGarrete Blount punched Sherman in his frickin jaw and knocked his asss out!
1796	Cramer's "Berlin Wall Trail: Cycling Guide" can be picked up for about $10 online or at the souvenir shop at the Berlin Wall Documentation Centre on Bernauer Strasse.
1797	Crave Ep. 179: This umbrella shoots air to keep you dry The Air Umbrella has reached its funding goal and is coming to market.
1798	Crawford further proposed that students be given 25 years to repay loans.
1799	Crazy as it sounds, the new surgeons couldn't officially schedule time in the operating room, because hours had already been allocated to more senior surgeons, who carefully guarded the time.
1800	Create several ad options, evaluate during the campaign, then cut dead weight.
1801	Creator and shoe salesman Mahlon N. Haines originally used it as a guest house.
1802	Credit: Chris Carlson/AP Hurricane Marie brings big waves A large crowd gathers to watch surfers and body surfer ride waves at the Wedge in Newport, Calif., Aug. 27, 2014.
1803	Credit: Eric Gaillard/Reuters A house and garden is illuminated ahead of Christmas in Olching near Munich, Germany, Dec. 11, 2014.
1804	Credit: ReAction Figures The casting process turned out to be one of the most difficult aspects of making the film.
1805	Credit: Tavi Gevinson/Style Rookie New York Fashion Week Left: Tavi Gevinson attends the Alexander Wang Spring 2010 Fashion Show on September 12, 2009 in New York City.
1806	Credit: YouTube/Philip Navarro Now watching Up next Water main break floods Hollywood's Sunset Strip A water main bursts in West Hollywood, sending thousands of gallons of muddy water onto the famed Sunset Strip.
1807	Creek begins with terrific tension as a couple of cops decide to harass Mick during a routine traffic stop.
1808	Crews are just arriving.
1809	Crews responded about 12:15 p.m. Monday to Cypress Swamp Road where heavy smoke was showing from the single-wide mobile home, said Horry County Fire Rescue assistant chief Justin Gibbins.
1810	Cricket fans and players have been using their bats to pay tribute to Hughes There will be extensive coverage of the service on the BBC Sport website.
1811	Cristin "The Mother" Milioti is as likable as they come. 2. Liv Warfield on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
1812	Cristophe Wille of the Control Risks consultancy said Kabila may try to prolong his power by means other than constitutional change.
1813	Critics have questioned whether McCulloch should be removed from the case given his family history.
1814	Critics said that Velasco lost control of Brazil's quarter-final against Colombia on Friday.
1815	Crowds for Lorde and Pharrell Williams were so large, many people couldn't see their faces on the large screens set up in front of a patch of palm trees.
1816	Cruden retrieved the lead with his fourth penalty minutes later after Hooper was caught for going off his feet.
1817	Cruise ships must address any safety problems identified by the Coast Guard before they can allow passengers to board at U.S. ports.
1818	CS: I predict there will be lots of beer drinking and overeating in both Colorado and Washington, followed by a lot of indigestion in one of those states.
1819	Cuba is thought to be by many as a country that time forgot.
1820	Cuba wanted the biplane back, but a Florida judge agreed with Ana Margarita Martinez that the plane should be seized and sold to partially pay the judgment she was awarded under an anti-terrorism law.
1821	Curiously, Amazon has decided to replicate the carrier exclusive model it has with AT&T in the US, just with O2 in the UK (the Fire phone is also launching in Germany soon with Deutsche Telekom).
1822	Current population trends indicate much of the growth will take place in close-in suburban and rural areas, making transit improvements critical to being able to move people around efficiently, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx told reporters.
1823	Currents in the opposite directions result in attraction, because from the first wire's point of view, the electrons in the other wire are more crowded together, creating a net negative charge.
1824	Currie cautions that it's important to realize the court of public opinion is not a court of law.
1825	Curtis holds a doctorate in comparative literature from the University of Massachusetts and is fluent in French and Arabic, according to a statement from his family.
1826	Customers need to ensure the maximum value and protection they can gain from the security technology investment, and as such, the engagement has become more consultative in nature," Huang explains.
1827	Customers should use the coupon code m15ch at the checkout.
1828	“Cyber security is a global concern and it is a growing threat for all industries, including the automotive," said Jack Pokrzywa, manager of global ground vehicle standards with SAE International, a group that represents industry engineers.
1829	Cynk became a big market story as trading volumes soared and the company was briefly valued at more than $6 billion despite having no revenue and being described as "development stage."
1830	"Cyrenaica is Egypt's strategic backyard and it is better to secure it before chaos spills across the border," he said referring to the eastern region of Libya historically known as Barqa or Cyrenaica.
1831	Dacre is a passionate and emotional man.
1832	Damaging thunderstorm winds will be the primary threat and a few tornadoes will be possible.
1833	Daniel Hurley, an official with the association, said even when these students are able to get a college degree, their future work prospects are limited.
1834	Daniel Mark Harrison As editor of CoinSpeaker, Daniel reports on the latest developments in the world of cryptocurrencies.
1835	Daniel Rappaport, Sexual Assault Prevention Coordinator at American University, speaks with AFP abou … "It's on Us" -- promoted by President Barack Obama -- calls on each student to "be part of the solution."
1836	Dann writes about politics and Congress.
1837	Darelyn Cooper has been appointed by City Council to take over the responsibilities of City Clerk.
1838	Darren Helm, Tomas Jurco and Daniel Alfredsson all scored in a 9:39 span of the first period for Detroit, but coach Mike Babcock wasn't thrilled with the final 40 minutes as the Sabres made a game of it.
1839	"Darryl has an exceptional track record of consistently delivering results.
1840	Dartford are ball 15 in Monday's draw, which is live on BBC2 at 7pm.
1841	Dartford stayed positive, though.
1842	Darvish is 29-18 with a 3.34 ERA in his 61 games with the Rangers over the past two seasons, and his 498 strikeouts are the most in the majors during that span.
1843	Dave and his son have both had heart ailments to contend with in recent days.
1844	David Boardman, former editor of The Seattle Times and president of the American Society of News Editors, attended the meeting.
1845	David Cameron is frequently criticised for not appointing enough women to senior government posts.
1846	David Carr - truncated Tweets, insightful commenter on all things media and more, with and edgy personality tossed into the mix.
1847	David Miller, 24, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, were found dead on the southern island of Koh Tao on… AFP27 mins ago King Charles?
1848	David was put on public display outside a Florentine government building in 1504, when it was first unveiled, before being moved inside the Accademia Gallery in 1873.
1849	Davis eventually told the teens her elderly mother was inside.
1850	Davis had a history of learning disorders and mental disabilities, and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, she added.
1851	Davis has made holding on to these seats a priority, because if they lose these three, there isn't much hope of hanging on to the government in the general election next year.
1852	Davis noted there would not be any parking in residents' yards during the event, unless the resident allowed it.
1853	Davis targeted the McDougall home in Panter's at 9am on October 15 last year.
1854	Davis Turner for USA TODAY Jimmie Johnson won only two races in 2011, the fewest he's won since becoming a full time Cup driver in 2002.
1855	Davis, who pitches for Philadelphia's Taney Dragons, receives congratulations from coach Leland Lott as she returns to the dugout during the shutout game August 15 against South Nashville.
1856	Day after day, this cycle repeats.
1857	Day bogeyed the par-five 17th after ending up in a greenside bunker with his second shot, though he sandwiched that hiccup with birdies at the 15th, 16th and 18th.
1858	Days before the lawmakers convened however, Islamist militias overran several army bases and took control of the eastern city of Benghazi, the cradle of the 2011 revolt.
1859	Days like this one, with a critical report and lots of questions from the legislature, won't help.
1860	Dealing with the persistent, irritating weeds also presented issues for Tom and Colleen Johnson when they moved into their daughter's former residence on North 3rd East Street.
1861	Dean Rutz / The Seattle Times Seahawks general manager John Schneider, left, and coach Pete Carroll already are planning for success in the future with one of the youngest teams in the NFL.
1862	Debate Over How to Pay for More South Point Police Officers UPDATE: All Lanes of I-64 Re-open at Boyd County, Ky. Crash Scene Comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.
1863	Debra Ollivier: How Frank Ferrante, Star Of 'May I Be Frank,' Transformed His Life Frank Ferrante was a 54-year-old battling obesity, drug and alcohol addiction and Hepatitis C when he stumbled into a vegan restaurant called Café Gratitude.
1864	December 11: People use kayaks and a canoe to make their way around a flooded shopping center parking lot in Healdsburg, California.
1865	Decisions about data removal would be made by people rather than the algorithms that govern almost every other part of Google's search system.
1866	Dec seemed less enthused, however, claiming he needed an "en-suite".
1867	Dee Milliner, New York's top cornerback, injured his right Achilles tendon during the field goal and sat out the rest of the game.
1868	Deep blue light is positioned at the upper end of the visible light spectrum, meaning that it takes quite a bit of energy to make it.
1869	Defector lifts curtain on North Korea May 8, 2014 -- Updated 1926 GMT (0326 HKT) Jang Jin-Sung, a North Korean defector and former regime insider, speaks with CNN's Christiane Amanpour.
1870	Defence attorney Cheryl Carpenter asked for as few as six years in prison.
1871	Defense lawyer Tajul Islam rejected the charges and said he would lodge an appeal.
1872	"Defensively, we were much better in the second half," he said.
1873	Defensive tackle Brandon Mebane has foot/ankle soreness and receiver Doug Baldwin played through a hip issue Sunday that could limit him this week.
1874	Definitely exciting times."
1875	Deflation is a concern because of the unusually large amount of unused labor and production capacity created by the deepest recession since the 1930s.
1876	Deirdre Walsh (‏@deirdrewalshcnn) Over/under on how many times Ted Cruz gets mentioned on the House floor today?
1877	Del Bosque’s contract runs through to the end of Euro 2016 and his announcement will end speculation that had been mounting since Spain were knocked out of the World Cup following back-to-back defeats against the Netherlands and Chile.
1878	Dellos is an art teacher and designer and was thrilled to have about $600 worth of supplies finally returned to her.
1879	Delta, US Airways and United Airlines had earlier halted flights to and from Tel Aviv's main Ben Gurion International Airport, amid reports of a rocket strike nearby.
1880	Demand for mental health services has soared in Canada, which maintained a military mission in Afghanistan from 2003 to 2013.
1881	Demand for scorpion venom in the West is creating a windfall in Pakistan.
1882	Demands for a new 20-percent tax by Portugal's royals sparked a Boston Tea Party-styled revolt in Brazil's first uprising for independence.
1883	DeMarsh points to a last that’s peppered with holes, added each time it’s used to make a new pair of shoes.
1884	Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri writes that the Energy Department might be providing an incentive to contractors to engage in lengthy litigation with whistleblowers by reimbursing the contractors' legal expenses.
1885	Demons are real and this book of yours turns them into a game.
1886	Demonstrators responded by hurling petrol bombs, the witnesses added.
1887	Demonstrators, who carried sunflowers as a symbol of hope, said the trade pact would benefit wealthy companies with Chinese links and expressed fears it could lead to Chinese encroachments on Taiwan's cherished democratic institutions.
1888	Dendreon last month said that “addressing the company’s convertible debt remains a top priority and the company is exploring its options with advisers.”
1889	Dene is described as a First Nations female, 140 cm tall, 50 kgs with brown eyes and brown hair.
1890	Dentists Suing Delta Dental of Missouri Other issues raised by the plaintiffs in the complaint include: Delta Dental opened offshore bank accounts "for unknown purposes in Turks and Caicos."
1891	Depending on the enforcement activity, he said, the team could be expanded to nine.
1892	Depending on which company you're listening to, these are either integral features that make these devices standouts, or a drop in the bucket of things that make phones and tablets what they are.
1893	Deputies and police then scoured the area, looking in shops, barns, and houses for nearly four hours without finding the suspect.
1894	Deputies Bodkins came home and found another man with his girlfriend inside of their home.
1895	Deputies said the investigation is ongoing.
1896	Deputies said the manhunt began as a traffic stop around 11:20 a.m. by tribal police near the Plummer area.
1897	Deputy government spokesman Sansern Kaewkamnerd said Thursday the gesture was good-natured teasing of reporters with whom he has become familiar.
1898	Deputy Police Chief Gary McGuigan said Charlottetown, Summerside and Kensington police forces along with RCMP worked on the raids in and around Charlottetown.
1899	Derek Carr faces a tall task in the opener as Jets coach Rex Ryan's defenses have been tough on rookie quarterbacks.
1900	Desjardins answered yes and said it was easier than he expected.
1901	Despite an aggressive U.S. push and bold pronouncements Wednesday from key EU leaders and diplomats, heavy sanctions are a tough sell, particularly in Germany, which would suffer grievously from a cutoff or Russian energy supplies and trade.
1902	Despite an all too familiar set from the Dutch powerhouse, it was refreshing to see promoter’s “React Presents” branch out into yet another venue for an experience that can’t be mirrored at any other concert hall in the city.
1903	Despite a stalled Congress.
1904	Despite being engrossed in the latest instalment of Candy Crush or busy chatting with their friends on messaging app Line, most manage to weave around cyclists, skateboarders and fellow Tokyoites.
1905	Despite big-name inclusions in the more attacking areas - for instance Arjen Robben, Robin van Persie, Wesley Sneijder or Klaas-Jan Huntelaar - many members of the squad will enter the global stage as comparatively fresh faces from Dutch Eredivisie clubs.
1906	Despite communication challenges, the Ebon Atoll community is doing its best to help him, bringing clothes, food and mosquito coils to ensure he is comfortable, she said.
1907	Despite efforts to save the man, he did not survive.
1908	Despite his comparatively small stature at 1.75 meters (5-foot-9), the 33-year-old Evra leaped to meet a corner from Claudio Marchisio at the edge of the box and score an impressive goal.
1909	Despite media reports alleging a cigarette ignited the blaze early on Thursday, police say they still do not know the cause of what appears be Canada’s second-most deadly disaster in a retirement home.
1910	Despite military gains for regime forces, Hague says the group believes, quote, "there will not be a military victory for either side."
1911	"Despite receiving conflicting data, Vinson, Burnham and AFS never verified the authenticity of the information used in the study," the FTC said in a news release.
1912	Despite the AIT letter that seemed to refute the green card allegations, a number of unanswered questions remain.
1913	Despite the bombing raids, the IS jihadists have continued to gain ground in both countries, including around the key town of Kobane near the Turkish border.
1914	Despite the challenges, Wallace and Gall both have confidence that positive changes will be made.
1915	Despite the month-and-a-half gap between US and UK releases, streaming figures for the song remained strong in Britain, showing a similar curve to the US graph and propelling Trainor into the UK singles charts on streams alone.
1916	Despite the move, the series' fetishization of military weaponry, gear and lethal combat remains.
1917	Despite these gains, 2.5 billion men, women and children around the world lack access to basic sanitation services.
1918	Details have yet to emerge as to the reason for the suspension.
1919	Detection of this type of B-mode polarization would indirectly demonstrate the existence of gravitational waves, and their presence in our early universe.
1920	Detectives also testified the vehicle's seatbelt was adjusted to Capone's height.
1921	Detectives were on the scene collecting evidence.
1922	Determined to head home Friday for the five-week summer break, GOP leaders altered the bill, adding $35 million for the National Guard and clarifying a provision on quickly returning unaccompanied minors from Central America to their home countries.
1923	Developers from Tails wrote on Tuesday that there are many programs in its software package, all of which periodically have security vulnerabilities.
1924	Dewey Blanton of the American Alliance of Museums calls SFO Museum the "most ambitious one" among all airports with exhibition programs.
1925	DeWine later named veteran Ohio prosecutor Mark Piepmeier, an assistant prosecuting attorney and chief trial counsel in the Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office, to present evidence to the special Greene County grand jury in Xenia.
1926	Diageo executives told CNBC.com that in early November, the brand will launch its first in a line of "limited edition luxury beers."
1927	Diana Daunheimer and her husband Derek were a typical young couple pursuing their dreams.
1928	Dick Bennett was head coach at Wisconsin in 2000, with Tony on his bench as an assistant, when the Spartans beat the Badgers four times, including a win in the Final Four, en route to the national title.
1929	Dickson regularly worked past quitting time to take drunken drivers off the street, Felsman said.
1930	Did Colorado woman try to help ISIS?
1931	Did Olga get a job because her dad is on the board of McGraw-Hill?
1932	Did the driver yell "TIMBEEEERRRRRRRR" as he went over?
1933	Did you know that what I would call the ER (Emergency Room) is actually known as the A&E (Accident and Emergency) here?
1934	"Differentiation will be important," Videgaray said.
1935	Different sights, smells and sounds could trigger distress.
1936	Dilip Vishwanat, Getty Images May 21: Asdrubal Cabrera scores on Al Alburquerque bases-loaded balk in the 13th inning to give the Indians an 11-10 victory over the Tigers.
1937	Dimon did what most people do when they get advice from Warren Buffett -- he took it.
1938	Diplomats say that at very least they could be looking for a way to avoid making the situation in the region worse.
1939	Diran Lin is expected to return to Beijing in January, but he doesn't know quite what he is going back to.
1940	Discounting that drop, Shepherson said, the economy is seeing "a notable pick-up in productivity growth."
1941	Discussion Questions: 1. In your opinion, what is the best way to tell the human side of the story involving Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 while respecting the victims' grieving families?
1942	Disgruntled resident Penny Lloyd, who lives in Elliot Street with her 89-year-old mother, said: “This is just unnecessary.
1943	Dispatchers still monitor most trains from 24-hour underground "towers," and they still put pencil to paper to track their progress.
1944	Divorce for older couples comes with a different set of challenges than would have been encountered if the divorce had occurred earlier in their marriage.
1945	Djokovic is also safely through to the third round after beating France's Jeremy Chardy 6-4 6-3, as is David Ferrer who saw off Georgia's Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-4 6-0.
1946	DK: You know, I think there is something that comes from being completely in the moment and letting the music just sweep you away.
1947	DMPED spokeswoman Chanda Washington says MPD’s policy hasn’t affected the city’s ability to attract productions.
1948	DNA links suspect to other cases October 2, 2014 -- Updated 2238 GMT (0638 HKT) DNA evidence links Jesse Matthew, the suspect in the disappearance of Hannah Graham, to other cases in Virginia.
1949	DNA testing also has a lengthy backlog of cases.
1950	Doctors aren’t entirely clear what causes ADHD.
1951	Doctors Remove 3-Pound Tumor From Infant Doctors Remove 3-Pound Tumor From Infant Baby Leighton Sanders has undergone six surgeries in which several organs have been removed.
1952	“Doctors told me I should be on bed rest," she said.
1953	DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources.
1954	Does the GI Bill even work?
1955	Dogs among casualties of jet crash July 19, 2014 -- Updated 1433 GMT (2233 HKT) A cargo manifest showed that two dogs were among the casualties of the doomed Malaysian jet.
1956	Doing pinup is still kind of a funny sideline to her, but she said she probably couldn't do it without her family, who have been very supportive.
1957	"Do Khan an Qadri hope there will be a supra-constitutional system?
1958	Domitila Cirelli April 24, 2011 9:21 PM I am impressed by the way you embraced this topic.
1959	Donaldson's three throwing errors Monday all went to first base.
1960	Donations include $300,000 from John Arnold, a billionaire who has given millions to KIPP charter schools as well as $20 million to StudentsFirst, the education reform group formerly headed by ex-D.
1961	Donations to the charity plummeted because people saw her as evidence of wrongdoing.
1962	Done By Adrian Croft The Ukraine crisis has been a reality check for NATO countries that believed they no longer faced a pressing military threat following the collapse of the Soviet Union.
1963	Done By Ben Hirschler BARCELONA (Reuters) - An experimental cholesterol-lowering drug from Sanofi and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals roughly halved the number of heart attacks and strokes in a clinical trial, researchers reported on Sunday.
1964	Done By Daniel Kelley PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A man squinting through a peephole at his Philadelphia home in response to a late-night knock at his front door was shot in the face and killed, police said on Monday.
1965	Done By David Henry NEW YORK (Reuters) - In December 2013, Hanmag Securities Corp, a small South Korean brokerage firm, lost 46 billion won ($42 million) in a day after a stock option trading algorithm went bad.
1966	Done By Letitia Stein TAMPA Fla. (Reuters) - Voters in southwest Florida on Tuesday elected another Republican to replace U.S. Representative Trey Radel, who resigned in January after pleading guilty to possessing cocaine.
1967	Done By Mitch Phillips GLENEAGLES, Scotland, Sept 25 (Reuters) - A curious piece of scheduling seemingly threw the two Ryder cup teams into sharp relief on Thursday as the last three players from each camp took their turn to face the media.
1968	Donetsk militants plan to introduce Russian ruble Militants in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic say they plan to start using the Russian ruble along with Ukraine’s currency, the hryvnia, according to Russian news agency RIA Novosti.
1969	Done View gallery A wartime Mustang aircraft from 2 (Army Cooperation) Squadron in flight (library image).
1970	Done View gallery BRUSSELS (AP) — NATO's top official says Russia's military intervention in Ukraine is in violation of the U.N. charter and threatens peace and security in Europe.
1971	Done View gallery GUATEMALA CITY (AP) — Guatemala's Congress formed a commission Monday to pick a replacement to take over from the country's crusading attorney general in May despite demands from human rights groups to keep her until December.
1972	Done View gallery KARACHI, Pakistan (AP) — A Pakistan air force fighter jet crashed into the country's largest city after a technical fault Tuesday, killing two pilots and a civilian on the ground, authorities said.
1973	Done View gallery LEEDS, England (AP) — James Anderson and Liam Plunkett took a wicket each as Sri Lanka crawled to lunch at 74-2 against England on the opening day of the second test at Headingley on Friday.
1974	Done View gallery New York (AFP) - Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson was banned for the rest of the 2014 season as NFL chiefs accused the star of showing no remorse for beating his four-year-old son with a tree branch.
1975	Done View gallery NEW YORK (AP) — Broadway has had a punk jukebox musical with Green Day songs and one featuring harmonies by Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.
1976	Done View gallery NEW YORK (AP) — The first sign a major knuckleball is coming in the baseball play "Bronx Bombers" is when the smoke machines crank up.
1977	Done View gallery Nicosia (AFP) - Greek- and Turkish-Cypriot leaders meet Tuesday to relaunch talks on ending the island's division after a nearly two-year break, with optimism that the energy card could provide a breakthrough.
1978	Done View photo Will the iPhone 6 really be as hideously ugly as we’ve seen in leaks?
1979	Do not fret if you’re on a budget though, because even the affordable hotels near the Xinbeitou MRT station like SweetMe (水美溫泉會館) or Shan Yue (山樂溫泉會館) have their own hot spring bath in each guestroom and they’re still quite fancy.
1980	Do not try to engage the suspect.
1981	Don says: It wasn’t closed but it was reduced to one lane which caused a backup on the ramp.
1982	Don't confuse it with the star Spica twinkling to its upper left.
1983	'Don't embrace democracy' As thousands of Hong Kongers prepare for an annual protest, voices in China's press warn pro-democracy activism is a bad idea.
1984	Don't feed her!
1985	Don't like rail cars, then stop opposing pipelines!
1986	Don't think so.
1987	“Don’t underestimate the power of the people, because his friends have done so much work and got us to this position.”
1988	"Don't waste time on a video, just call 911," says Dr. Markku Kaste with the World Stroke Organization.
1989	DON'T wear so much perfume that people can smell it from more than an arm's length away.
1990	Don't you want to watch?"
1991	@doublelatte Thankfully no, but did have a taxi ride that made even me nervous.
1992	Double reigning champion Marianne Vos of the Netherlands, the overwhelming favorite coming into the race, could finish only 10th.
1993	Do we remain the way we always have?
1994	Do what it takes in order to stay fresh.
1995	Down 31-23, the Titans' Andy Geelan connected on a three-point play to cut the lead to 31-26, but a Cole Bosma bomb at the buzzer gave H-LP a 34-26 lead and swung momentum clearly in the Wolves' favor.
1996	Downey said the last time he had spoken to Kassig was on Skype on Sept. 27, when his former roommate mentioned he was going on another run to bring into Syria.
1997	Downing said the investigation is ongoing and will be forwarded to the Coos County District Attorney’s office to determine if any charges should be brought.
1998	Do you care what other people think of you?
1999	Do you feel like those are false claims?
2000	Do you have an elevator pitch?
2001	Do you have the courage to simplify and become the best at the basics?
2002	Do you plan to develop their flavor further?
2003	Do you understand the concept of covert destabilisation?
2004	Do you use metaphors?
2005	Dozens of people were injured in the skirmishes, including 18 police, which raged through the night as several thousand protesters squared off again police in the densely populated Mong Kok district.
2006	Dozens of voters demanding their right to vote broke into the Din Daeng district office, which was unable to distribute ballots to the neighborhood's voting stations.
2007	Drake was part of a team in the late 1990s that developed a system to collect and analyze billions of electronic records to identify potential terrorist plots.
2008	Dr. Ciliberti, 70, died early Tuesday when his small airplane crashed at the Snoqualmie Falls Golf Course in Fall City.
2009	Drivers will be able to name their car in the mobile app.
2010	Drones, lasers and satellites for Internet access?
2011	Drop the charges if he'd be willing to be castrated.
2012	Dr. Samuel Volchenboum, a pediatric oncologist at the University of Chicago, also spoke here on Sunday, and said the FDA's targeting of 23andMe is ultimately hurting consumers.
2013	Dr. Song is moving from Southern California and has family ties in Marshall.
2014	Drug-maker Pfizer recently tried unsuccessfully to acquire U.K.-based Astra-Zeneca.
2015	Drugs, capitalism, homosexuality -- no topic off limits June 20, 2014 -- Updated 1645 GMT (0045 HKT) No topic has been off limits for Pope Francis so far.
2016	DS: The oldest lady was 92. Three generations.
2017	DS: There's a bunch of different stuff.
2018	Dubai, one of seven emirates in the UAE federation, is staging a recovery from the financial crisis it suffered during the global financial crisis in 2009.
2019	Duck Pond Cellars 2012 chardonnay, Columbia Valley, $12: Because chardonnay is the top wine in the country, you’ll undoubtedly have a fan at the table.
2020	Dude A-Rod has been about as useful to winning any championship as the park groundskeeper.
2021	Dumbacher likened the newly discovered mammal to a small antelope in its physique and sleeping habits and to a scaled-down anteater in hunting techniques and preferred prey.
2022	Duncan tested positive for Ebola and is in serious condition at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas.
2023	Dung did not specify what legal actions Hanoi was considering.
2024	Dunlap said their hours currently vary because they are waiting for their liquor license, which they should get at any time.
2025	Dupra is on an administrative assignment.
2026	Durango, sporty and historic, stands 6,520 feet above sea level among the San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado, its downtown streets skirted by the Animas River.
2027	During a brief Red Cross-brokered lull later in the day, rescue workers toured the neighborhood to retrieve the dead, pulling bodies from the rubble of homes.
2028	During an interview Tuesday, Hayes, a 32-year veteran of the department, said people shouldn’t fault the precinct captains if job opportunities open up.
2029	During a recent segment on Bloomberg TV, founder Lachlan Mackinnon-Patterson showed off the pizzeria's customized meat slicers, which can shave off paper-thin strips of marbly-pink prosciutto.
2030	During a Reddit: Ask Me Anything session on Thursday, a fan asked the following question: "In Garden State, your character says: 'It's really amazing how much of my life has been determined by a quarter-inch piece of plastic.'
2031	During Defamation Trial, Ventura Claims Money Loss … Play Video In the book, Kyle said he punched a celebrity he identified as "Scruff Face," who made disparaging remarks about SEALs.
2032	During her most recent pregnancy, the artist spent a lot of time reading works written by the many writers from her family’s lineage.
2033	During his tenure, we saw the annual budget deficit increase by a factor of ten, and the national debt more than tripled.
2034	During "Operation: Bike Peddler," police obtained information that Loren Henderson, 46, was involved in trading drugs for stolen bikes and fraudulent/stolen identity items, according to Sgt. Mike Pooley.
2035	During the 12 years of Leadership Perryton there have been 262 graduates.
2036	During the committee's nearly year-long investigation, Lerner has repeatedly cited her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
2037	During the communist dictatorship era in the 1970s and 1980s, tens of thousands of Romanian Germans were "bought back" by the West German government under a program to reunite families.
2038	During the festival the public has access to the control area of the Taoyuan naval base, which was the home of the Black Cat Squadron.
2039	“During the fighting, soldiers are finding new tunnel shafts and they are also being neutralised.”
2040	During the latest inspection, the Care Quality Commission found it was not providing safe and appropriate care.
2041	During the pitching change, he and Jeter engaged in the typical mundane banter to fill the gap.
2042	During the segment, Harris-Perry, along with guests, drew attention to Kieran James, Romney's adopted African-American grandchild.
2043	During the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics, Here & Now: Late Night will be pre-empted by our exclusive coverage of the games.
2044	"During this interim period, Mirian will begin the development of a five-year strategic plan for the department and accelerate discussions of a new facility for a proposed bond measure as soon as November 2015."
2045	During this year's march, protestors along the parade route shouted, "We're Irish, we're queer, we have the right to be here!" and "Why can't queers march in New York?
2046	Dusk settles over the river Seine in Paris, France, in this HDR shot.
2047	Dustin does not intimidate me.”
2048	Dutch Fork beat Summerville 6-0, Charlotte Catholic 4-3 and Porter Gaud 6-0 in the semi finals before clinching the championship against Hilton Head.
2049	Dutch prosecutors said on Friday that 17 people were arrested in a series of coordinated raids on underground websites selling illegal drugs.
2050	Each ceramic poppy represents an allied victim, and the display is due to be completed by Armistice Day on Nov. 11, 2014.
2051	"Each day, about 3 or 4 people cross with weapons, and each one carries about 6 or 7 guns," the Bedouin guide said, without specifying what type of arms were being transported.
2052	Each group faces a minimal stage area that's one part of a triangular set that Jan Versweyveld, the director's usual collaborator, has arranged.
2053	Each of these features seems designed to create a faster overall email experience.
2054	Each one of the trio had experienced one particular moment on the trip, a time when out in the field they wanted nothing more than to be in the comfort of one of the spas that we retreated to at the end of every particularly hard the day.
2055	Each part of the brain influences and interacts with the other.
2056	Each temporary vegan might have very different motivations.
2057	“Each year we see the positive impact that apprenticeships have, not only on the individual apprentices but also on those employers who commit to taking on an apprentice..
2058	Earlier, a fire official said that 51 people had been killed and seven had been injured.
2059	Earlier, he had tweeted that he was "disgusted" by being replaced.
2060	Earlier in December, the media reported that 16 people, including two police officers, died in a similar attack, but in either case did not identify the ethnicity of the victims.
2061	Earlier in the day, India suspended search operations until fresh areas could be identified by Malaysia's government, said Col. Harmit Singh, spokesman for India's tri-services command.
2062	Earlier, local sources said the toll was at least 30 men, women and children, and that most of the victims were ethnic Bafuliru.
2063	Earlier on the technology timeline, IBM had sold completely bundled computing solutions that included all software and services, until DEC came along and successfully sold smaller, unbundled computers to which you could add your own software and services.
2064	Earlier, resuming at the overnight 113-0, Australia lost four wickets before lunch and another four in the second session as Pakistan's bowlers never allowed the batsmen to settle down.
2065	Earlier this month, seven Democrats broke ranks and joined Republicans to block the nomination of lawyer Debo Adegbile to head the Justice Department's civil rights division.
2066	Earlier this month, the nation’s largest telecom was found to have one of its telecommunication facility rooms visited by a Chinese tourist, who was reported to be a friend of the employee who managed the facility.
2067	Early in the second half, Neuer made a number of close-range saves with the Brazilians pressing and his teammates sitting back.
2068	Early on it was working as the Bearcats took a 3-2 lead on Austin Chesser's 3-pointer.
2069	Early this week, industry sources said American Petroleum Institute and AAR had agreed to a half-inch thick tanker design and a schedule to retire older, DOT-111 tank cars.
2070	Earnhardt could have used it to clean up the mess around him.
2071	EARNINGS: Best Buy stock jumps on return to profit Getting a steady stream of customers in the door is important for Best Buy, which on Thursday announced that its fourth quarter earnings were better than expected.
2072	Easterling finished with 102 yards rushing and scored three TDs while Miller added an interception return for a touchdown.
2073	"East Girard has just been exploding in business activity," said Winchester, who sees development continuing to move west along Girard Avenue, and north along Frankford Avenue.
2074	East meets West Growing up in Istanbul, a city which straddles both the continents of Europe and Asia, Fadillioglu was influenced by a rich mixture of modern and traditional buildings.
2075	Eat an almond anywhere in the world, and chances are it was grown in the Golden State.
2076	Eating breakfast is often promoted as a weight-control aid, but recent evidence has suggested it might not be, the researchers said.
2077	Eating the rainbow can strengthen the immune system, lower the risk of cancer and diabetes, reduce blood pressure and maintain heart health, improve memory, and keep bones and teeth strong.
2078	Ebola causes vomiting and diarrhea, impairs kidney and liver function and may cause internal and external bleeding.
2079	Ebola has spread across three West African countries, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
2080	Ebola's economic 'scare factor' The biggest Ebola outbreak in history is taking its toll in Western Africa, hitting some of West Africa's most vulnerable economies.
2081	Ebola's undertakers Where is virus?
2082	Ebola survivor Jeremra Cooper, 16, wipes his face from the heat while in the low-risk section of the Doctors Without Borders Ebola treatment center on October 16, 2014 in Paynesville, Liberia.
2083	Ebola Virus EU calls for thousands more workers for Ebola response An EU official has said that the bloc needs to drastically increase the resources it is putting into the battle against the Ebola outbreak.
2084	Ebola Virus Outbreak 345 of 359 The Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, Texas, on Oct. 1, where a patient with the Ebola virus is being treated.
2085	ECB lowers interest rates 05.06.2014 In an unprecedented move, the European Central Bank has cut its main interest rate to a record low of 0.15-percent.
2086	"Economically inactive EU citizens who go to another member state solely in order to obtain social assistance may be excluded from certain social benefits," judges of the Court of Justice of the Europe Union (ECJ) said.
2087	Economic Intelligence Paying Off for Consumers How the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is getting the job done.
2088	economics.
2089	Economist Le Dang Doanh, however, is worried about what he sees as a pervasive network of informants that China has built in Vietnam and that it may hinder the way Vietnamese leaders make decision.
2090	Eddie Timanus, a colleges sports writer and the polls editor for USA TODAY Sports, is on Twitter @EddieTimanus.
2091	Edge said he asked the man “point blank” if the accusations were true.
2092	Edison, which operated the plant, closed it for good last year.
2093	Editorial use only.
2094	Editor's Update for 4 p.m. ET: Comet Siding Spring has completed its close Mars flyby.
2095	Edmonton bars and restaurants showing the games have been packed and soccer merchandise is flying off the shelves at sporting goods stores.
2096	Education and health care were two areas Eggen said he would focus on as leader.
2097	Eggleston's financial disclosure report shows he has assets worth between $15 million and $43 million.
2098	Eight people were arrested.
2099	Eight-year-old Baraa, whose family fled the besieged Old Quarter of Homs, speaks with shame that "instead of learning to read and write, I learnt about all types of weapons.
2100	Eighty-six flood warnings remain in place throughout the country while there are 122 flood alerts, although none deemed severe - which would carry a danger to life.
2101	Eisner found me useless as an artist, but he liked the way I wrote.
2102	Either that, or Apple has a whole new manufacturing system for the thing that it's finally able to keep under total lock and key.
2103	Either they end up with parents who are capable and recognize that education is the single best option to benefit a childs future, or they get lost in the maze of reasons why 'public schools suck'.
2104	Electricity is cut for eight hours at a stretch.
2105	Eleni’s Bakery HBO partnered with Eleni's Bakery retail locations to sell "Throne" cookies through Elenis.com and HBO's online store.
2106	Eleven plays later, South Carolina cut the deficit to three with a 39-yard field from sophomore Elliott Fry with 9:55 left in the half.
2107	Eleven rings, or shells, of gas make up the Cat's Eye.
2108	Eliminating the interest would save about $800 over the lifetime of a loan in that amount.
2109	Elise and Andi have some major personal problems coming to grips with the fact that they had to pose nude wearing nothing but signs while the other girls at least got to wear bikinis for their pictures.
2110	Elizabeth meets a real American anti-hero.
2111	Ellerbe stopped short of accusing anyone of racism and admits that a black coach today probably wouldn’t have to endure the bigotry faced by the legendary Thompson in the 1970s.
2112	Elsewhere in Syria, the Britain-based Observatory reported at least 12 people killed, including three children, in regime air strikes on the Ain Tarma area outside Damascus.
2113	Elsewhere in the wildly unpredictable Euro 2016 qualifiers, surprise packages Iceland, Northern Ireland and Slovakia will all attempt to chalk up their fourth straight wins over the weekend.
2114	Elsewhere, Kawasaki Frontale rose to third and within six points of Urawa after beating Sagan Tosu 2-0.
2115	Elsewhere, more than 5,000 pro-Russia residents of a major city in Ukraine's east demonstrated in favor of holding a referendum on whether to seek to split off and become part of Russia.
2116	Elsewhere on the site: Lecavalier's late goal lifts Flyers over Sabres Lecavalier's late goal lifts Flyers past Sabres Because your contributions are currently under review, no comments can be made at this time.
2117	Elwin said the burglar and the homeowner began to scuffle, and the homeowner ended up shooting the burglar in the leg.
2118	Email 22 hours ago Struggling department store J.C. Penney on Wednesday said it will close 33 underperforming stores and slash 2,000 jobs, in a measure it says will generate annual savings of approximately $65 million.
2119	E-mail article Print Hillary Clinton is too old for what?
2120	EMAIL President Obama awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Gloria Steinem in 2013.
2121	E-mail: (required, but will not be displayed) CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service.
2122	Email (Required - Will not be published) Comments Shown.
2123	E-mail tips to brennac@phillynews.com Follow Chris on Twitter Jenny DeHuff is a 2005 graduate of the University of Rhode Island, where she cut her teeth in journalism.
2124	E-mail tips to dehuffj@phillynews.com Follow Jenny on Twitter.
2125	Emergency room staff wrote his condition was deteriorating, would worsen or that he would suffer death if he wasn't transferred to Charleston Area Medical Center.
2126	Emirates' breakneck growth is the engine driving Dubai International's expansion, Griffiths said.
2127	Emphasis on "wild."
2128	Emphasis was placed on the feed savings from an ionophore in 2012 when feed cost and availability were a major concern due to the drought.
2129	Employees assigned to two different judges were issued municipal citations after a physical confrontation in early May, and are now returning to work this week after serving two-week suspensions, several courthouse sources confirmed.
2130	Employees at Estela, the restaurant where the Obamas dined Sept. 24 while attending the U.N. General Assembly, said they couldn’t discuss the credit-card issue.
2131	Employees at the hospital have admitted to keeping false records to hide long wait times for veterans.
2132	Enacted in 1984, it reversed a Supreme Court case that ruled property divisions were taxable.
2133	Encourage your player to stand up for what he believes in?
2134	Ending hunger must be at the center of the political agenda.
2135	Ending the breaks, including tax exemptions for bottled water and janitorial services, would put an additional $200 million into K-12 education this coming year and an additional $414 million during the next two-year budget cycle.
2136	"Enemies of Pakistan you would be defeated..
2137	"Enemy claims that they have pushed back the mujahideen from their positions in Ghazni are complete lies," the English-language statement said.
2138	ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil was down $1.49 cents to $77.30 in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
2139	Enforcement, however, is handled by Multnomah County, which is behind the added requirement of getting signed consent.
2140	Engadget contributing editor TimSeppala tells us why he recently bought a 1080p model.
2141	Engebretson has written for “Better Homes & Gardens” magazine and dozens of newspapers.
2142	ENI and its partners, Occidental Petroleum (OXY) and Korea Gas, plan to increase output at Zubair from the current level of 190,000 barrels per day to 1.125 million within seven years.
2143	Enjoy snow and sledding, children’s crafts, inflatables, a carriage ride, entertainment, marhmallow roasting and much more at the annual event.
2144	“Ensuring every Americans’ basic right to vote is an issue where Democrats and Republicans should be able to find common ground.
2145	Enter suburb or postcode: « See all local news Don't try this at home PLENTY can go wrong when racing a car powered by nitro travelling at 400km/h.
2146	Entertainment & Arts 9 January 2014 Last updated at 01:04 GMT 12 Years a Slave: Who was Solomon Northup?
2147	Enter the string from the spam-prevention image above: What is nine minus five?
2148	Enter the string from the spam-prevention image above: What is zero plus four?
2149	Enter your email address and click "Reset Password" to have your password reset and emailed to you.
2150	Entrepreneurs may be eager to open stores selling these products, but there’s always the danger that fickle customers will move on to the next thing.
2151	Environment Canada used three different scenarios for estimating emissions to 2020.
2152	EOG Resources is one of the largest independent crude oil and natural gas companies in the United States, it says.
2153	Epoxy injection: Like sealants, this option is not always favored because it may provide only a temporary solution to fill cracks in poured-concrete walls.
2154	Equestrian star's historic feat Princess' love for horses and sport "When I buy a horse I look for an artist.
2155	Eric and Ryan Jensen, brothers who are former owners of Colorado-based Jensen Farms, pleaded guilty in October to six counts of adulteration of a food and aiding and abetting linked to one of the deadliest U.S. outbreaks of food-borne illness.
2156	Eric Esperat was attending the Sto.
2157	Ericksen criticizes Inslee for seeking a wide-ranging study of the climate effects of the proposed coal port, including impacts of exported coal being burned in China.
2158	Erickson, a 44-year-old Washington National Guardsman, approached her from behind.
2159	Erickson notes that staged retirement programs aren't the only way to address this looming problem.
2160	Erin Valois November 4, 20149:38 pm Via AP: As it stands, it looks like the Republicans are likely to match the 246 House seats of 1947-1949 when another Democrat, Harry S. Truman, occupied the White House.
2161	“Especially in college and high school, with the bats they’re using now, the balls don’t really fly,’’ Patchett said.
2162	Espinoza eased California Chrome back into third along the rail.
2163	"Establishing credibility is what I am focused on," Clark said.
2164	Ethiopia's African powerhouse bid November 8, 2013 -- Updated 1146 GMT (1946 HKT) Ethiopia is turning to renewable energy technology as the East African country looks to become a powerhouse for its regional partners.
2165	Etihad is injecting 560 million euros ($750 million) for a 49 per cent stake, and it aims to return Alitalia to profitability by 2017.
2166	Etiquette Class Teaches Kids the Importance of Being Polite Elderly Man Killed in Alabama Freeway Crash Comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.
2167	Etoundi, who won a bronze medal in the 77kg category, was detained by police after an early-morning disturbance on Wednesday and was due to appear before a court on Thursday.
2168	EU actionFunding for EU innovation projects is currently available under the bloc's Seventh Framework Programme for research and technological development (2007-13) which has a budget of €51 billion.
2169	EU energy chief says 'good chance' of Russia-Ukraine gas deal The EU Energy Commissioner says Moscow and Kyiv have a "good chance" of reaching a resolution to their gas dispute.
2170	EURO DISNEY FINANCES 10:30: Investors in Euro Disney probably feel like they are thundering down one of the theme park's rollercoasters this morning.
2171	European Union Martin Callanan: Juncker consensus hides widespread doubts British Conservative Martin Callanan says the appointment of Jean-Claude Juncker is disappointing.
2172	"Europe is a mix with slow GDP growth offset by a shift to coal in some countries."
2173	EUROPE: Major European stock markets were heading lower.
2174	Eurovision 2013 final underway amid lesbian kiss controversy 18.05.2013 Voting has begun in the final of Eurovision 2013 final.
2175	Evacuation shelters were created at Post Middle School in Arlington and the Darrington Community Center.
2176	Evans was found "just down pretty much from where he went in," said Wilson.
2177	Even as far away as Florida and California, airports were counting flight delays by the dozens — in part from the ripple effect of the problems in the East.
2178	Even as it avoids specifically addressing the minimum wage issue, it is eager to portray McDonald's as a great job and job-experience enabler for young folks in an uncertain economy.
2179	Even as they look for a long-term solutions, the board was acting on immediate issues, voting to have Leonard Engineering, already set to draw up plans for other repairs, to come up with one for a wall at Memorial Stadium.
2180	Even Bashar al-Assad's most gleeful propagandists could not have dared to hope that things would work out this far in his favour.
2181	Even before taking office on New Year's Day, de Blasio began ratcheting up the rhetoric, explicitly positioning his new administration as a place the rest of the nation should watch for clues about how to address economic inequality.
2182	Even brothers Mark Fainaru-Wada and Steve Fainaru, the co-authors of the damning new book League of Denial: The NFL, Concussions and the Battle for the Truth, don’t want football ended, just better regulated.
2183	Even for a series veteran like Weiner (who was a writer-producer of "The Sopranos" as well as the sitcom "Becker"), his mission to end "Mad Men" is "a totally antithetical thing, an exercise that is outside my realm of experience."
2184	Even if it means an extra one hundred dollars, spend it to get any other airline and if a vacation package has Sunwing, keep researching!
2185	Even if the tree gets somewhat maimed in a cold winter, it may survive.
2186	Even if they lose, Aereo’s future is far from certain: The industry has already threatened to kill the company through technical measures.
2187	Even if Union’s broke, don’t fix flag Still, there are many who argue that the flag should stay the same regardless of any Scottish secession.
2188	Even if we did have a vaccine, we’d need health workers to administer them,” Kim said.
2189	"Even if we do find another place we are a year from getting moved in."
2190	Even if you're not a techie, you'll need to have a thorough understanding of how your current system works before you can outsource any of it.
2191	Even locals are critical of the project.
2192	Even more important, RHEL 7 will offer interoperability and integration with Microsoft Active Directory.
2193	Even on sunny days, the Golden Gate Bridge is a wonder, its graceful art deco towers gleaming a deep orange-red against the shimmering turquoise water of the San Francisco Bay.
2194	Even so, many sufferers are averse to drugs, often because of their side effects, and that partly explains the low numbers in treatment.
2195	Even team owner Paul Allen made an appearance and gave a victory speech.
2196	Even the Coke machine near the locker room, you had to have the 35 cents or whatever to buy a Coke.
2197	Even the friendliest of these competitions were often brutal.
2198	Even though Syrian civilians had suffered under Assad's rule, they appeared to prefer the ruthless Syrian government over the establishment of an Islamic caliphate.
2199	Eventually, Dashlane plans to let you set certain passwords to change themselves at regular intervals.
2200	Even while working on the "Potter" franchise, Felton dabbled in other films, like "The Disappeared" and "Get Him to the Greek."
2201	Everett and Strebin said the single most valuable piece in the collection is a lobby card of the 1927 silent movie and science-fiction epic "Metropolis."
2202	Everlight chairman Robert Yeh (葉寅夫) told the media that the company plans to pour money into the local market over the next three to five years.
2203	Evert has since been married three times, to former British tennis player John Lloyd, downhill skier Andy Mill, with whom she had three sons, and Australian golfer Greg Norman -- all of them ending in divorce.
2204	Every 20 mins they switch.
2205	Everybody called her mom.
2206	Everybody is good after it, and we’re big boys.”
2207	“Everybody makes mistakes.
2208	Every Brazil fan right now.
2209	Every month, The Chamber hosts networking events members and non-members may attend.
2210	Everyone else waits at a nearby parking lot.
2211	Everyone has to take that step, otherwise we’re going to be screwed.”
2212	Everyone in the wreck was conscious and talking when they were taken away to the hospital.
2213	"Everyone is a bit surprised it's being made such a big deal," said Raffaello Pantucci, research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies.
2214	Everyone is affected, but mothers and children pay a particularly heavy price.
2215	Everyone is forever being persuaded.
2216	Everyone is pumped up, saying, what's next?"
2217	"Everyone knows that last year we suffered and so we're savoring things this season," Gignac said.
2218	"Everyone should refrain from expressing their hatred and displaying violence so that the protests do not spread," Agriculture Minister Mehdi Eker said on a visit to Diyarbakir, blaming the clashes on the "lobby of chaos".
2219	Every other shellfish gets fried in New England - clams, oysters, shrimp, scallops, so why not mussels?
2220	Every other Sunday I’ll put my Giants shirt on, my Giant hat, and root for this football team, this organization.
2221	Every school competing basically has an entire day devoted to executing and defending the passing game.
2222	Every shred of evidence I've seen points to officer Wilson being a good and honorable human being.
2223	Every smack let out a thud you could actually hear between beats." 12. "At my wedding, my aunt's second husband threw his dinner in the trash because it 'wasn't steak.'
2224	"Everything has revolved around her case and our situation," Grace Huang said.
2225	"Everything is a huge deal and I can only imagine when we finish this house, it's going to feel amazing for us all," said Herrera.
2226	"Everything that was done in Minion Mayhem was done with the same focus as making the movies," says Chris Meledandri, founder and CEO of Illumination Entertainment, the force behind the franchise.
2227	Everything you need to master Chinese cooking Time to go cleaver shopping!
2228	"Every time it snows, it's like, 'Oh, not again,'" Randal DeIvernois of New Cumberland, Pa., told The Associated Press.
2229	Every time stuff like this happens, give the airlines more excuses to up the fees they charge the passengers..
2230	"Every week I'm not spending $75 on my credit card for gas.
2231	Every year the East African country sinks further down the index.
2232	"Examination of the body will hopefully lead us to some additional leads and potentially help solidify an arrest and a conviction of the person or persons responsible for his homicide," he said.
2233	Exhausted, yes, but very much alive.
2234	Ex-Im says that in the fiscal year ending Sept. 30, it engaged in 3,347 transactions supporting small businesses, accounting for almost a quarter of financial authorizations and nearly 40 percent of the exports the agency supported.
2235	Existing rules limit the size of studio apartments to a minimum of about 220 square feet, with new projects undergoing the city’s design-review process when they surpass a certain number of units.
2236	Exotic sounds required searching out unusual techniques.
2237	"Expectations that the ECB will act soon in a decisive manner to fight low inflation and the rise of the euro seem to outweigh worries that potentially further and much harsher economic sanctions could be imposed on Russia soon," he said.
2238	Expect great things from yourself and work towards your success.
2239	Expect to see it get additional health monitoring, accompanied by a flood of third-party accessories that interface with all of Apple's products, especially the watch, designed to track every aspect of your life.
2240	Experiencing the world and its' multitude of cultures shows that there are more commonalities than differences between people around the world.
2241	Experts say female entrepreneurs fall victim to “pattern recognition” when seeking funding.
2242	Experts say it's the first time corporate executives and workers have gone to trial in a food poisoning case; prior prosecutions have ended in plea deals without prison time.
2243	Experts say traditional burials that wash the dead have been a significant source of Ebola transmission.
2244	"Explain again how raising Prime fees will increase growth?" asked SkepticalBull.
2245	Explore: Enjoy the best of our region's Food & Wine The door is closed, but it's not locked.
2246	Explore The Architecture of the Pacific Northwest The door is closed, but it's not locked. Take a minute to subscribe and continue to enjoy The Seattle Times for as little as 99 cents a week.
2247	Exports rose 1.7 percent compared to August, thanks in large part to an increase in Airbus plane deliveries -- 28 aircraft worth a total of 1.9 billion euros.
2248	Extreme Cellists play on top of Ben Nevis mountain in Scotland in 2008.
2249	“Extremely excited to be a part of the Bears organization,” he said.
2250	Extremist fighters of the Islamic State group control a swath of land straddling Syria and neighbouring Iraq, mostly running across the Euphrates river, where they have established their self-styled caliphate.
2251	Exum and other 2014 draft prospects are in town for the NBA draft in Brooklyn, New York on June 26, 2014.
2252	F-16 Fighting Falcons are parked at the Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Center in Tucson, Arizona, on December 11, 2004.
2253	Facebook hasn't been coy about its desire to make itself a major video platform.
2254	Faced with deadlock last year in its attempts to get Iran to cooperate with its investigation, the IAEA changed tactics and now seeks to gradually build mutual trust by starting with some of the less sensitive issues, diplomats say.
2255	Facility's and guards have enough tactical weapons to stop the action at a low minimum institution.
2256	Fadillioglu wanted the female prayer area -- often much smaller than the male's -- to be one of the most beautiful areas of Sakirin Mosque.
2257	Faligot has other motivations for publishing the book in Chinese.
2258	Fall in China manufacturing PMI index points to economic cooling in Asian powerhouse 20.02.2014 A key index of Chinese manufacturing activity fell further in February suggesting the world’s second largest economy is losing momentum.
2259	Falling oil prices are a bad thing for the environment “because cheaper oil means fewer incentives to develop alternative and less carbon-intensive sources of energy,” reported The New York Times.
2260	Falling Skies has always been about an exploration of the micro-level emotion associated with a macro-level event.
2261	Falmouth took a 2-0 lead in the first period when Hutchinson scored her first two goals less than a minute apart.
2262	Families receive a one-time payment equivalent to three months’ worth of cash for up to two years.
2263	Family Dollar stuck instead with an $8.5 billion cash-and-stock bid from Dollar Tree Inc made in late July.
2264	Fans fund Kobayashi F1 return January 22, 2014 -- Updated 1352 GMT (2152 HKT) Popular Japanese racer Kamui Kobayashi is back in Formula One with Caterham -- and fan power has helped him return to the grid.
2265	Farmers generally support Peterson's proposal, while processors - who make cheese, ice cream and yogurt, and say it could lead to higher prices for milk - oppose it.
2266	Far more often abuse happens at home either by the family members of the abused or someone else very close to the victim.
2267	"Father Frans was killed in the garden of our monastery," Rev. Ziad Hillal, another Jesuit who lived there with the Dutch priest, told Vatican Radio.
2268	Father John Ssenyondo, 55, had been kidnapped about six months earlier.
2269	Fat Paint owner Victoria Lambert says it's been a tough, but rewarding year.
2270	FBI agents were waiting at Honolulu International Airport to arrest the suspect after Japan Airlines flight 791 turned back following Saturday's incident.
2271	FCA Chief Executive Martin Wheatley said the review would look at why card issuers are providing the means, in some cases, for the most indebted consumers to get into further debt.
2272	FC Barcelona superstar Messi led Argentina through the group stage with four goals.
2273	Fear of mold classrooms prompted an emergency meeting between parents and the Deer Valley Unified School District.
2274	Fears over the ailing Spanish market have bolstered the secessionist movement in the economically vital northeastern region.
2275	Feb. 10. Harold Ramis, 69. Comedy actor, director and writer best known for his roles in movies such as "Ghostbusters" and "Stripes."
2276	February 10, 1997 - Simpson is ordered to pay $25 million in punitive damages to the victims' families.
2277	February 18, 2003 - Officially announces that she will be running for the Democratic nomination for president.
2278	Federal forces collapsed, in some cases abandoning uniforms and weapons in their retreat, when fighters under the command of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi launched their assault last month.
2279	Federal Mogul, based in Southfield, Mich., said that the deal strengthens the manufacturing and engineering technology components of its brake business.
2280	Federal prosecutors, though, allowed them to keep their homes, cars and other property in exchange for the guilty pleas.
2281	Fedorenko says he has been teaching his four children, aged 4 to 27, to make the weekend bathhouse visit a must.
2282	Feigning interest in art classes, Nikki dissolves in tears as she's vividly confronted by his spooky resemblance to her late husband.
2283	Feinberg and the other people who would not be silent taught me that was not a way to live, to truly live, standing on the backs of others without lifting any of the load myself.
2284	Feinberg used the severity of injuries to determine how much victims should receive: Those who lost two limbs or sustained permanent brain damage got the same amount as the families who lost loved ones.
2285	Felipe Massa hugs Schumacher after Massa won first place in the Formula 1 Grand Prix of Turkey in Istanbul in 2006.
2286	FEMA said that in considering his application for tower one it had found that tower two was actually in the high-risk zone all along.
2287	Feminine shapes were given movement with added textures and applique.
2288	Feminism provides a space for women and historically marginalized groups who face discrimination (sexism, misogyny, racism, homophobia, etc.) on a daily basis to empower and uplift
2289	Ferguson reminds us that inequality still exists in much of the United States.
2290	Ferguson said the intent of his action is to produce a legally enforceable agreement or court order to protect workers.
2291	Fernandez did not return a message for comment.
2292	Ferrando said the shop, which he named after his father’s Dupont Circle restaurant, is as important to him as the main stage.
2293	Fes were expected to prove tougher opponents in Ghana, given they are regular African campaigners and defeated Tunisians Club Africain to the win the Cup three years ago.
2294	Few are predicting much of a turnaround any time soon, given the likelihood of a continuing rise in interest rates.
2295	Few journalists have achieved the impact and recognition that Steve Kroft's 60 Minutes work has generated for over two decades.
2296	Few nations have outlined plans consistent with staying below 2 degrees C. Another report by the IPCC last week in Japan showed warming already affects every continent and would damage food and water supplies and slow economic growth.
2297	Few people reading that report would have seen any reason to suppose it had been “fabricated,” and certainly not by the DPA.
2298	FIFA treats any unauthorized activities, should they be the case, extremely seriously and we work hard with our Media Rights Licensees to protect the integrity of FIFA’s media rights program,” a FIFA media officer said in a statement.
2299	Fighters from Tripoli were among Arab militants who went to fight American troops early in the U.S.-led war in Iraq.
2300	Fighting in Iraq's Anbar province killed 22 soldiers and 12 civilians, along with an unknown number of militants on Sunday.
2301	Fighting raged for hours that day, but the Union pressure on the Confederates gave the Union time to reinforce defenses around the nation's capital.
2302	• FIGURE SKATING: The Iceberg Skating Palace will be busy today with the team ice dance program short program, the team ladies short program and team pairs free skate.
2303	Filed under: John Kerry • State of the Union soundoff (No Responses) Comments are closed.
2304	FILE - This Feb. 16, 2009, file photo shows Oakland Athletics owner Lew Wolff during spring training baseball in Phoenix.
2305	" Filmmaker George Stevens Jr., who created the Kennedy Center Honors and produces the show each year, said Hanks, 58, stands apart as "one of the great actors of his generation or any generation."
2306	FILM TALK: Prospect House Entertainment and Glendale Arts presents the first event in the Robert Altman Series of Q&A screenings at the Alex Theatre.
2307	Final evacuation flight from Los Cabos arrives in Calgary Some Canadians return, some stuck in hurricane zone More than a dozen of the couple's friends and family members headed to the vacation destination this month, hoping for a scuba-diving wedding.
2308	Finally, in very severe cases, the workers may even need hospitalization from the severe stress and aggravated medical problems.
2309	Finally, NASA will launch the Soil Moisture Active Passive mission in November to study soil moisture around the world, as well as monitor the timing of freeze thaws.
2310	Finally, she finds herself being moved around as a trafficked commodity.
2311	Finally she stopped screaming.
2312	Financial district in Shanghai.
2313	Financial terms of the deal were not immediately available.
2314	Find more news related pictures in our photo galleries and follow us on Tumblr Man’s blood alcohol content too high for police to measure 28-year-old Levi B. Carter’s accomplishment is one that’s truly horrifying.
2315	Find other events and activities by following RTV6 on Twitter.
2316	Find Ricardo in twitter @ricardogeromel The author is a Forbes contributor.
2317	Find the humor and share appreciations.
2318	Fine-tune your place, and enjoy domestic arts.
2319	Finsbury Park station was temporarily closed due to overcrowding, Network Rail said Transport for London tweeted that travellers should "avoid the station if possible".
2320	Fire brigade spokesman Petr Kudela said: "We received a call from police that had stopped the truck saying that a sea lion was not well.
2321	Firefighters from six different jurisdictions, including Winnipeg and Anola, Man. battled the blaze for a couple of hours before bringing it under control, but it took crews some time to fully extinguish the smouldering debris.
2322	Firefighters said the victim was trapped when the fire broke out in the building, located on the 10000 block of King Arthur Drive, near Mitthoeffer Road and east 30th Street.
2323	Firefighters used an absorbent material to clean that up.
2324	Fireworks erupt over the Bay in San Francisco, Calif. on Friday, June 4, 2014.
2325	First Chance indicated it was releasing several other cars in that lot in the same position as Jeans'.
2326	First published June 26 2014, 1:40 PM Andrea Mitchell, the veteran NBC chief foreign affairs correspondent, is also the host of "Andrea Mitchell Reports," an hour of political news and interviews with top newsmakers on MSNBC.
2327	First published June 9 2014, 4:41 PM Frank Thorp V Frank Thorp V is a producer and off-air reporter covering Congress for NBC News.
2328	First published May 14 2014, 7:16 AM Mushtaq Yusufzai Mushtaq Yusufzai is a journalist based in Peshawar, Pakistan.
2329	First published November 4 2014, 11:09 AM Lawrence Delevingne is the 'Big Money' enterprise reporter for CNBC.com in New York.
2330	First, the Senate will take up a motion to end debate on the nominations.
2331	First US military advisers begin work in Iraq Washington (AFP) - The first teams of up to 300 US military advisers have begun their mission in Baghdad to assist the Iraqi army in its fight against Sunni extremists, the Pentagon said Tuesday.
2332	First, when Duncan initially visited Texas Presbyterian’s ER, they sent him home, even after he told them he had just come from Liberia.
2333	Fiscal reputation at stake And then they started to burn through the real cash.
2334	Fisher says "that gives us the best chance to be the best that we can be right now."
2335	Fist fighting is a thing of the past.
2336	FitzGerald will now face off in November against Republican Gov. John Kasich, who's running for re-election.
2337	Five and a half weeks?
2338	Five Canadians were on the plane.
2339	Five days after Ambassador Chris Stevens and three Americans were killed in Benghazi, Rice went on five Sunday shows to describe the terrorist attack as a spontaneous riot ignited by an anti-Muslim video.
2340	Five days later, Gowex said it would file for bankruptcy following a stunning fraud admission by president Jenaro Garcia Martin.
2341	Five plays later, QB Nick Foles hit WR Jeremy Maclin with a 6-yard TD that tied the game at 27-all.
2342	Five things to know this morning By Maggie Hendricks 1. Lovie Smith to Tampa Bay.
2343	"Five years ago, I stated that Obama would take the country apart piece-by-piece, that he would cause a civil war in this country," Voight said Saturday in a statement Huckabee's show.
2344	Flag this comment Guest June 11th, 2014 Pretty sure if you're 37, you're definitely not a Millennial.
2345	Flaherty also followed through on the Tories’ promise to be consumer-friendly.
2346	Flashy Pontiacs, Plymouths, Dodges and Chevrolets, as well as crudely patched and rickety classics, make up the communist nation’s 70,000 “almendrones,” cars affectionately called large almonds for their rounded shape.
2347	Fleming and others point out that a pharmaceutical version of cannabidiol oil, called Epidiolex, is being tested in clinical trials.
2348	Flores' remains weren't found until the following month, when Griffith's roommate told police where to find her dismembered body.
2349	Florida Republicans are outraged, casting Crist's position as a betrayal of the Cuban-American community.
2350	Florida tends to get tornadoes more in the winter, while the Southeast tornado season is February through April, Konrad said.
2351	Flowerbox owner Sacha Thompson says florists like her are hit particularly hard because they can't afford not to open this close to Valentine's Day.
2352	Flowers were laid out on the steps of City Hall alongside pictures of the two men killed Sunday, Vadim Yuriovitch Khudiz and Yuri Grigovitch Mykolenko.
2353	Fly fishing has begun to garner more interest in Canada, with amateur leagues emerging in British Columbia and Alberta over the past few years.
2354	Flyht President Matt Bradley said his company's system was not on board the missing AirAsia jet.
2355	Focusing on a popular priest and the nun who questions his actions and intentions, Doubt — the first entry in Shanley's "Church and State" trilogy — earned both the Tony Award for best play and a Pulitzer Prize in 2005.
2356	"Folks don't want to confront the reality here, especially in Alberta, that the world is changing," he said.
2357	Folks love to watch other people failing, if they can do so without shame.
2358	Follow @AAIUSA for more.
2359	Follow appropriate health and safety procedures, in the course of performing professional activities, to protect clients, employers, employees and the public from conditions where injury and/or other harm are reasonably foreseeable.
2360	Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook Article written by Carrie Gracie Carrie Gracie BBC China editor Why is it so often assumed people with disabilities are unhappy?
2361	Follow DW (English) on Twitter Don't miss our look at the stories making headlines across Africa.
2362	Follow Elizabeth Palermo on Twitter @techEpalermo, Facebook or Google+.
2363	Follow her on Twitter @KellyTurnerFit.
2364	Following Sinn Fein policy, Adams never takes his seat in order to avoid taking the obligatory oath of loyalty to the Queen of England.
2365	Following the retirements of captain Graeme Smith and allrounder Jacques Kallis, Hashim Amla becomes only the second non-white captain of South Africa after Ashwell Prince and the first to be appointed for the long run.
2366	Follow Live Science @livescience, Facebook & Google+.
2367	Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+.
2368	Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+.
2369	Follow us @tomsguide, on Facebook and on Google+.
2370	Foodborne toxin could trigger MS, studies suggest JoNel Aleccia NBC News Toxins produced by Clostridium perfringens, a common cause of foodborne illness, could be a potential trigger for multiple sclerosis, scientists say.
2371	FOOD FIGHT Colorado voters rejected a measure that would have required labeling of certain genetically modified foods.
2372	Food is going into the trash!
2373	Food safety is an ongoing problem in China.
2374	Food & Wine: 32 Burger Recipes It's worth the 18-kilometer trek up a dirt road to reach this wine farm, set on a mountainous plateau.
2375	Footballer Robin van Persie vacations in Barbados Striker Robin van Persie is in Barbados on holiday after helping The Netherlands to third place in the just ended FIFA World Cup in Brazil.
2376	For $50 million, the total collection from the private trove of deceased New York copper heiress Huguette Clark could be yours.
2377	For a brief period, this art gallery has been turned into a space meant to promote new video games.
2378	For a home valued at $200,000, for instance, there will be a difference of about $6, added Edgerton.
2379	For a mix of cooperative and competitive reasons.
2380	For an actor who has worked irregularly and often in smaller roles, "St.
2381	For around 10 minutes visitors are buried neck-deep in the hot sand for therapy said to cure those who suffer from rheumatism, lumbago, polyarthritis and some skin disorders.
2382	For Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, the increased attention of the region's largest economies creates the opportunity to attract much-needed investment and promote exports.
2383	Forbes reports that "Nine films have topped $200 million on domestic charts so far this year, only seven of which were summer releases.
2384	For both, it’s kind of the ultimate chess match because we know each other so well and know what each other likes to do.”
2385	For Brubaker, energy efficiency is key, but he was not optimistic.
2386	Ford called the allegations ridiculous.
2387	Ford Motor Co. says it will cooperate with the NHTSA on the investigation.
2388	"Ford's arrival created quite a stir comparable to what you'd get with the arrival of a celebrity," said CBC reporter Tim Weekes, who was at the airport.
2389	Ford says it’s hard to predict whether he’ll be able to take part in any debates ahead of the Oct. 27 election because his energy levels vary so much.
2390	"Ford suddenly produced a loaded revolver which she proceeded to point at Officer Morrison while she stood to face him.
2391	For DW's Jefferson Chase, the ultimate problems are flaws in the political process that reward lunkheaded intransigence.
2392	Foreign ministers from Ukraine, Russia, Germany and France are pushing to get talks going again by Saturday, with the aim of achieving a cease-fire honored by both sides.
2393	For Ellie the learning is more student-centered.
2394	For example, birds eat a lot of pests.
2395	For example, Chagas disease is a chronic infection generally acquired by people in rural areas of Latin America, but about 300,000 people now living in the United States have this disease.
2396	For example, DNA testing can reveal if an unborn baby will have trisomy 21, or Down syndrome.
2397	"For example, if Thanksgiving has always been held at her home and you'd like to host this year, talk to your husband first and your mother-in-law second," says Masini.
2398	For example, it claims that compensating student-athletes would destroy competitive balance in college sports; however, it does not consider the possibility of other less restrictive alternatives to maintain competitive balance.
2399	"For example, no one today disputes that women can be successful doctors, lawyers, business leaders, or public officials.
2400	For example, Square may agree to advance a customer $10,000 in exchange for $11,000 in future sales.
2401	For example, the Air Carrier Access Act, passed in 1986, mandates that the airlines make air travel accessible for passengers with disabilities.
2402	For example, there is the policy that authorized a specific review committee to authorize up to a $5-million settlement without consulting the general counsel.
2403	For example, the researchers presented three case studies involving Manhattan, London and Madrid, and discovered that Madrid saw more evening Twitter activity in the weekends, while Manhattan's night-time tweets occurred mostly on weekdays.
2404	For example, to strengthen phonological awareness, kids in preschool might play rhyming games and clap out the syllables of a silly song.
2405	For "fans of 'Modern Love' who enjoy affairs of the heart or just like to know that their own messy love lives are hardly aberrations."
2406	For female soldiers, the rigid backbreaking military training was their main obstacle, and forced many to give up.
2407	For further information or to register for this program, call the Library at 781-455-7559.
2408	For his first full-length portrait, Washington was dressed in a black velvet suit, his official dress for receiving the public as a civilian leader, rather than showing him as a soldier or king.
2409	For information on booking, email londonlodge@highclerecastle.
2410	For instance, he says, managing medical waste.
2411	For instance, if the girl character is getting rescued by a boy, we can tell our girls the story could easily have been changed so the girl is doing the rescuing.
2412	For instance, I sing all my own backup, and every single song has multiple choirs, and within those choirs are all these different personalities.
2413	For Israel, Hamas is the security valve that prevents more radical groups from emerging in Gaza.
2414	For Kuzuguk, Nome is a place where he can see a future for his family.
2415	For launching military strikes.
2416	Formal charges were not yet filed.
2417	Formal name: It's called MERS-CoV because it is a member of the coronavirus family that includes the common cold and severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), which caused some 800 deaths globally in 2003.
2418	“For many decades the house was allowed to decay, so it’s only to be applauded that the Bihar government now sees fit to put money into the project.”
2419	“For me, every day is Veterans Day.”
2420	For me, it's a scenario in which the personal and political are impossible to separate," Lewinsky wrote.
2421	"For me, just making the bad decision that I made, I learned from it a lot.
2422	For 'Melo and all of these other free agents, this is their plane.
2423	Former adversaries Polish Nobel Prize winner Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev, critical players in the collapse of European communism whose 25th anniversary will be celebrated in November, similarly urge caution.
2424	Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee speaks during a anti-abortion rally at Lafayette Park in Washington on January 22, 2012.
2425	Former councillor and museum society chairman Charles Pye Oliver has died He died on Wednesday, June 4. Cllr Michael Claughton, deputy leader of ABC, said: “I was very sad indeed to hear of this news.
2426	Former Finnish Prime Minister Jyrki Katainen warned that Berlin needed to invest in infrastructure and education to remain strong.
2427	Former Illinois player Kirby Wilson is among those watching and waiting from afar.
2428	Former king has heart attack Doctors say former king Gyanendra Shah has suffered a heart attack and has been hospitalized.
2429	Former Manchester Mayor to Speak to Candia Parents and Students Bob Baines, former Mayor of Manchester Bob Baines, the former mayor of Manchester and director of STEAM Ahead NH, will speak to Candia parents and students.
2430	Former NFL wife says Rice shouldn't be banned Dewan Williams, wife of former NFL player Wally Williams, had a frank and challenging conversation with Michaela Pereira on "New Day."
2431	Former state GOP Chairman Kirby Wilbur, who had encouraged Celis to run, said he was shocked by the primary results.
2432	Former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan told CNN's Richard Quest that isolationism was not the answer to the current health crisis.
2433	Former US Open champion Geoff Ogilvy remains in striking distance, five shots off the pace after carding a 71, with American Boo Weekley nine shots adrift after a second round of even-par.
2434	''For me, the guys who give me the money, the guys who pay me, if they got that opinion about me, that means I'm doing a great job.'
2435	For mobile device users: Where was the best place to be for Canada Day this year?
2436	For more information about UN Women's Beijing+20 campaign, click here.
2437	For more information and to register, visit www.qsquared.org or phone 253-216-3997.
2438	For more information, please call 775- 246-7834.
2439	For more school news, see the June 25th issue of The Jackson Herald.
2440	For more than an hour, your world is narrowed significantly — limited to the echoing sound of footsteps, dripping water, a flashlight beam and the tiny dot of light at the far entrance that grows slowly as you walk.
2441	For most of last year, the little food pantry was feeding an average of 225 families a week.
2442	For now, the app will only support iPhones, due to their high resale value and “relative simple diagnostic process,” but it’ll soon offer a similar service for iPads.
2443	For now, vulnerable Democrats seem eager to have the old racehorse on the track, and Arkansas and Louisiana were the next stops on Bill Clinton’s schedule.
2444	For older generations of Menominee, poverty on the reservation before gaming was virtually a way of life.
2445	"For once, the local people decided about Everest," he says.
2446	For one illusion, he solicited a $20 bill from Brett Ealick of Lake of the Ozarks and a quarter from Ealick's daughter.
2447	"For one thing, a lot of the cats hate the trailer, and it would be so much easier if they didn't have to be transported.
2448	For Pinterest, it's all about Saturdays For LinkedIn, before or after work LinkedIn is all about work, so it makes sense that the best times to post here are weekdays, in the time just before or after work for the majority of your audience.
2449	For purposes of this discussion, it means that the business (a transaction, an exchange of funds, turning a profit, etc.) would not have been possible if not for LinkedIn acting in some way as the intermediary.
2450	For Ramirez, it would mark a return to the club that signed him at 16 as a shortstop from the Dominican Republic, although he was sent to Florida in 2005 after playing only twice for Boston.
2451	For Russell, there is a genuine legal concern because a grand jury investigation into the bombings is still ongoing a year after the attacks.
2452	"For some reason, the Navy just really caught my eye.
2453	For starters, everything is cheaper during a downturn, including the cost of labor, materials, and office space.
2454	For starters, Obama was unable in Japan to secure a deal that would move toward a Trans Pacific Partnership trade group.
2455	"For the building of real rule of law, redressing any misjudged cases, the ones involving wrongfully executed innocent people..
2456	For the defendant, he now has to have matters hanging over him for a further 6 months before he gets his day in court.
2457	"For the final lap, the skipper opened the throttle, and at 09.06 we rammed Sword Beach.
2458	For the first time in Seattle sports history, there’s the potential for a dynasty.
2459	For the first time I saw Mr. Tuck’s door for what it really was, a shoddy piece of work, offering no protection from what’s outside.
2460	For the first time since that match, Federer looked truly at ease on the tennis court.
2461	For the first time, smartphones and tablets accounted for the majority of all online traffic on Thanksgiving Day, according to data analysis by IBM.
2462	For the fiscal year to March 31, India's oil purchases from Iran are likely to be down about a fifth to 214,300 bpd, according to the loading data, sharper than a 15 percent reduction requested by Washington to win a waiver on sanctions.
2463	For their $250,000 ticket, passengers would get a fleeting feeling of weightlessness and a spectacular view of Earth from about 62 miles up.
2464	For the last five years, he's been playing the points game and is now one of the editors for thepointsguy.com. He says he's earned millions of points and miles from credit card sign up bonuses and incentives.
2465	For the majority of minimum wage workers aren’t in fact the poor.
2466	For them, maybe come-ons and catcalls work.
2467	For the most part they’re good at taking instruction and recruiters know that player has had every phase of the game ingrained in their head.
2468	"For the poor student it is hard for them even to buy books or paper.
2469	“For the safety of people I have to rethink my procedures and have an evacuation plan in place.”
2470	For the same price, Goldgenie also offers a gold-plated Samsung Galaxy S5.
2471	For the two new semazens, it's a coming of age moment; the beginning of a long life of spiritual modesty displayed through meditative dance.
2472	For the younger kids, films such as Green Street, The Football Factory and The Firm have presented the past as a sea of Tacchini and Stanley knives with mass brawls on wasteground leading to hundreds of injuries.
2473	For those unlike myself whose connection to this moment in time is a bit more removed, allow me to re-cap.
2474	For those with ADHD, Adderall can be a highly effective remedy.
2475	Fort Myers Mayor Randall P. Henderson Jr., Lee County Sheriff Mike Scott, and Lee County Commissioners Cecil L. Pendergrass and Brian Hamman were in attendance for the event as well as many other local dignitaries and invited guests.
2476	"For tomorrow more of the same," he said after revealing he was relieved to have got through Saturday's opening stage unscathed.
2477	Fortunately, Boeckh said, he knew doctors and was able to find his son care.
2478	Fortunately, Mr. Tucker has reportedly reached a deal settling the huge bill.
2479	For unlimited seattletimes.com access, please upgrade your digital subscription.
2480	"For us this is critical; there's a sense of urgency, because there's a great need," Armentano said.
2481	Forward Aron Johannsson, a member of the U.S. World Cup team, is on AZ's roster.
2482	For women, birth control isn't a controversial topic or a political bargaining chip; it's basic health care, and it's only a "social issue" if you've never had to pay for it.
2483	For years the film studios had been dithering about making the movies they’d paid for.
2484	Forza Horizon 2 comes to Xbox 360 and Xbox One on September 30th.
2485	Four crossings will be cancelled.
2486	Four members of the cadet unit were recently chosen to attend a Non Commissioned Officers (NCO) Cadet course in the Athlone unit’s headquarters.
2487	Four men spent the night inside before they activated the vehicle's OnStar feature.
2488	Four players round out the top 10 tied at 10 under.
2489	Foxes have been spotted near homes in Vaudreuil-Dorion, prompting a few concerned citizens to make complaints with the city.
2490	Fox has booked a returning gig on CBS's "The Good Wife," reprising his role as attorney Louis Canning.
2491	Fox has its own naked dating show in the works, but put it on hold during a management change.
2492	France has a special forces unit and surveillance drones based there as part of a regional counter-terrorism operation.
2493	France is part of a coalition carrying out air strikes on Islamic State.
2494	"France is ready to contribute four planes if NATO decides to beef things up," said the source, who was speaking on condition of anonymity.
2495	France's distance drinking race August 29, 2014 -- Updated 1023 GMT (1823 HKT) Thirst for victory competes with thirst for booze in event where competitors raise their glasses long before they cross the finish line.
2496	France's flailing economy endangering the eurozone 18.11.2014 The French economy is stagnating, with growth only in unemployment and the national debt.
2497	France stepped into the fray last month and, with Britain and Germany, began discussing options for a separate resolution.
2498	Franklin missed most of four games during the middle of this season with a shoulder sprain.
2499	"Frankly, these are the critical years of the targeting of conservative groups that could explain who knew what when, and what, if any, coordination there was between agencies," Mr. Camp said.
2500	FrankShankmaster 5pts @UnknownSoldier Hey Pal, a rescuer, who was sleeping peacefully, gets a call and takes off to go find some *ss-clown, and the rescuer ends up in critical condition.
2501	Frederick Douglass (1818-95) saw the river as the last leg of his route to freedom.
2502	Free HIV testing will take place in Dallas on Friday, June 27, 2014 from 12 p.m. to 8 p.m. at Albertsons located at 4625 Frankford Rd. Gift cards and other giveaways will be available for those who get tested.
2503	FREE – On Google Play Microsoft 'Office Online' set to replace existing Word and Excel Web Apps By Tom Warren 3 hours ago Microsoft is readying a launch of new "Office Online" branding for its existing Office Web Apps.
2504	Free Syrian Army members shoot at regime forces with sniper rifles through holes of building walls in the Cobar neighborhood of eastern Aleppo on August 1, 2014.
2505	Frei can’t walk down the street in Manhattan without attracting attention.
2506	French champions Paris Saint Germain took fifth spot in the table.
2507	Fresh herbs are essential for flavor,” Alicia says.
2508	Freud tried to help us reign in our 'ids' but our baser, primordial selves are still sliming around under the surface.
2509	Friday, is the official commemoration at American Cemetery.
2510	Friday, July 11, 2014 West Island Line almost complete, MTRC says The MTR Corporation says work on the West Island Line is almost complete, and they aim to open it before the end of the year.
2511	Friesen said the program remains important, since aboriginal peoples make up the fastest-growing segment of Canada's population.
2512	Fri, Jun 20, 2014 - Page 10　 Art exhibition listings By Enru Lin / Staff reporter Chen Cheng-hsiung, Ode to Formosa (2006).
2513	From 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday at the J.C. Penney court of West Park Mall, people may come by and visit with a variety of professionals in the industry.
2514	From Eisenhower's toppled tree to the fiendishly-difficult Amen Corner, the Masters' home venue has it all.
2515	From Harry Truman through today, the United States has always been Israel’s greatest friend.
2516	From January through last month, Hiroca Holdings registered a revenue increase of 30.15 percent to NT$2.59 billion, up from NT$1.99 billion the previous year, according to filing.
2517	From John Defterios and Eoghan Macguire CNN May 28, 2014 -- Updated 0414 GMT (1214 HKT) One Square Meter explores the leading architectural designs, city plans and demand for property investment in emerging markets.
2518	"From our part, it's a moral obligation for Cameco to recognize where they get their wealth from and make sure some of that wealth comes back to the people of Saskatchewan," Kossick said.
2519	"From our perspective, Miriam has all of the documents she needs to travel to and enter the United States.
2520	From personal experience, I can say that hitting is just one minor component.
2521	From the 1950s to the 1970s, income inequality fell.
2522	From the age of 18 to 27, I lived in six cities and moved eight times.
2523	From the cutting of the umbilical cord to the first mother-child portrait to bringing a little one home, there's typically a camera close by to document every step.
2524	"From the grower's side, we need to have better policies so that we can urban agriculture on vacant lots, and make sure that are distribution system is as efficient as possible."
2525	From the moment Bella and Edward start falling for each other, pixie-ish Alice is the couple's number-one immortal fan.
2526	From the registration building, visitors are shuttled to one of the ten housing units.
2527	From there, Tesla runs into the same challenges facing everyone working on self-driving technology.
2528	From there, things started to fall into place.
2529	From the unfortunate news anchor who took a skateboard to the head to the kid who dropped his iPhone 6 after standing in line for hours to get it, it was a great year for watching people embarrass themselves on live television.
2530	From top to the bottom we are failing them in the area of discipline and holding them accountable for their actions.
2531	"From what I know, he was just really scared," she said.
2532	Frontline bowler Ravi Rampaul was ruled out with a broken finger, becoming the sixth injured first-choice one-day player in the West Indies squad.
2533	Frustration continues to grow in Boone County, now the seventh night into this crisis.
2534	Fugate has quietly became one of the area's leading rushers throughout all classes.
2535	Full disclosure, I've known Maggie and Emily before the days of Celine Neon and I can attest that the two of them bring a wave of playful energy to the stage, so expect a solid set from them tonight.
2536	Full video is available here.
2537	Funeral services were held at 2 p.m. Saturday, Jan. 25, in the Hendricker Funeral Home in Mt. Sterling with Ken Bradbury officiating.
2538	Further down the road, we may be able to do things with the Internet that seem like fantasy right now, such as email tangible objects, sign documents or authenticate logins with DNA, or even meet people using holographic technology.
2539	Furthermore, although no femur bone was found, the fossil pelvic fin material they did unearth included long fin rays, suggesting the back fin was at least as long and as complex as its front fin.
2540	Further, net travel receipts decreased by $126.5 million (6.2%) to $1,899.1 million, on account of reduced stopover visitors.
2541	Further research is needed on how organizations can develop and maintain positive behavioral risk management practices and identify current policies and rules that encourage overly risky behavior.
2542	Further, the 238 convictions are a small number compared with the estimated 26,000 sex crimes that may have occurred that year across the military, according to the department's anonymous survey of military personnel.
2543	Galleries MUST READ: Everything we saw this week at IFA 2014 Feedback Loop: Online security, the Note Edge, fitness trackers and more!
2544	Game 4 was played at Miami’s American Airlines Arena, where the Heat are now 7-0 during the postseason.
2545	Ganley finished with 1,171 points.
2546	Ganley reported from Paris.
2547	GAO said it did not break down by state the list of high-priority oil and gas wells that BLM had yet to inspect.
2548	Garcia has tried reaching out to her daughter's friends via Facebook.
2549	Garden of the Gods, Colorado Springs Pike's Peak looms over vertical red rock spires in Garden of the Gods Park, on the western edge of Colorado Springs.
2550	Garmin reported a net loss of $146.8 million, or 76 cents per share, in the third quarter, compared with a profit of $187.7 million, or 96 cents per share, a year earlier.
2551	Garner, who was asthmatic, died a short time later and the city medical examiner officer's later ruled his death a homicide.
2552	Gary Aguinaga, sales manager at Rallye Motors Nissan in Moncton, says Nissan's new Micra is a hot seller.
2553	Gary Burke, chairman of the confederated tribes, said in a letter that the site is a productive fishing area and that tribal resources must be protected.
2554	Gasquet, 2-12 versus Federer entering the match, started with an emphatic hold, but that was as good as it got for the protégé who has never quite delivered.
2555	Gay men visiting sexual health clinics in the UK was asked to take part in the PROUD study Rising HIV rates In several major European cities, HIV incidence among men who have sex with men (MSM) continues to climb.
2556	"Gazprom could manage without recapitalization," said Ivan Mazalov, a director at Prosperity Capital Management, a Gazprom shareholder.
2557	Gbagbo adopted the issue and won a 2000 poll that excluded both Ouattara and Bedie, whose corrupt leadership had led to his ouster in a coup a year earlier.
2558	Geez, some of us actually have to WORK to make a living.
2559	Geller says police are hopeful they will find the third occupant by Saturday evening.
2560	General Abacha carries out this intention by putting to death the writer Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight others who had expressed concern for the welfare of the Ogoni people and the depredation of its environment in relation to the exploitation of oil.
2561	General manager Chris Beckett said the lack of activity has an impact on more than just skiers.
2562	General manager Ray Shero, through a news release, announced that the Pittsburgh Penguins defenceman suffered a stroke last week and would be sidelined at least six weeks.
2563	General Mills recently announced it would no longer use GMOs in its original Cheerios recipe.
2564	General Motors (GM) does it.
2565	General Prayuth, who is due to retire from the military next month, has ruled out the possibility of full free elections in October.
2566	Gene Ralston is an environmental consultant specializing in water-related issues and the couple frequently volunteered to search for drowning victims across North America.
2567	Geoffrey Garrett is dean of the Australian School of Business at the University of New South Wales.
2568	George Osborne's hopes of eliminating Britain's deficit by 2018 look to be increasingly hard as the decline in the country's rate of borrowing appears to have stalled.
2569	GEORGIA: "For months, Gov. Nathan Deal and Democrat Jason Carter have traded barbs over education and economic policy,” writes the Atlanta Journal Constitution.
2570	Germany and Italy both showed robust activity, and readings were positive in other individual countries, offsetting weakness in France, where activity hit a seven-month low in December.
2571	Germany merely needs "additional strategic relations," the political scientist at the Brussels-based European Policy Centre explains.
2572	Germany's Bundeswehr may participate in destroying Syrian chemical weapons at sea 12.02.2014 The German foreign ministry has confirmed it is considering participating in destroying Syrian chemical weapons in the Mediterranean Sea.
2573	Germany's minister for culture and media, Monika Grütters, described Scholl-Latour as "one of the last great journalists who sought to explain the world."
2574	Germany's national security council, which includes conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel and the ministers of economy, defense, development and foreign affairs, has to approve such deals but its decisions are not made public.
2575	Gerry Conlon outside the Old Bailey in 1989 after being released for being wrongly convicted of the Guilford pub bombings, the Guilford 14. Mr Attwood added: "He's now with his dad and his mum."
2576	Get creative and get inspired.
2577	Get the flavor fiesta on with these ten great Mexican joints. 10 Great Places for Mexic..
2578	Get tickets for An Audience With Meow Meow here, and if you're under the age of 30, make sure to select that option for discounted seats.
2579	Getty Images With a change of president came a change of taste, and Scheib was fired by First Lady Laura Bush ten years later, after he "failed to satisfy her stylistic requirements."
2580	Giants' Tim Lincecum has not allowed a hit through 8 innings against the Padres San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Tim Lincecum throws in the fifth inning of their baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Wednesday, June 25, 2014, in San Francisco.
2581	Gilbertson, who developed post-traumatic stress disorder during the war, found the game too bloody, intense, and disconcerting to even play himself; he took the controls only to operate the camera.
2582	Gilead Sciences, for instance, has a market value of $127 billion, which is more than any other biotech stock.
2583	Gillers suggested there could be a disciplinary proceeding by the judicial council of the Federal Circuit, but any penalty would likely be a warning not to do it again.
2584	Gingras said he believed he heard something trying to get into the cabin and set it on fire before the couple fled to the cliff where he urged his girlfriend to jump, police said.
2585	Girlfriend A was 50. She said she heard a crash behind the house that morning.
2586	Girl missing in Algarve Business card sized leaflets showing missing girl Madeleine McCann, which were handed out to fans during the Espanyol v Sevilla Uefa Cup final at Hampden Park in Glasgow.
2587	Girondins de Bordeaux missed the chance to move provisionally up to fifth place in Ligue 1 after losing 1-0 away to SC Bastia on Saturday.
2588	@gitmetawidit Of course they know, that why so many vancouver businesses are huge and they keep adding more and more stores.
2589	Giuliani will play football at Eastern Washington University, and Curran will play at the Air Force Academy.
2590	"Given those circumstances, there are no plans to issue a suspension, but we intend to talk to the Yankees regarding what occurred."
2591	Give yourself some time to heal.
2592	Giving to D.I.G.S. as an alternative was suggested.
2593	Glad nobody was hurt!
2594	Glad the homeowner got there before the intruder got anything!
2595	GM ousts 15 employees over ignition-switch scandal Updated: July 23, 2014 1:22PM DETROIT — General Motors issued six more recalls on Wednesday, bringing its annual total to 60 recalls covering almost 30 million vehicles.
2596	Goals from Sergio Aguero and James Milner gave City a two-goal lead by halftime at Arena Khimki.
2597	Godane is believed to have settled in Mogadishu in 2004, working at local charities before he joined the Islamic Courts Union, al-Shabab's precursor group that once controlled Mogadishu and many parts of Somalia before it was ousted by Ethiopian forces.
2598	Godowns asked Bright about possibly raising money to purchase one of her own.
2599	Goins told The Daily Mail she had not filed a report with the police yet, but was planning to this week.
2600	Golden Boy is a mess, and De La Hoya's statement offered little insight into what he plans to do to clean it up.
2601	Goldring has a special remit from the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade to examine how difficult it is for ethnic minorities, such as several hundred-thousand Crimean Tatars, to vote in the Ukrainian elections.
2602	Goldstein’s fast-talking go-getter and Jerry Lewis sound-alike Sam, an underling at a novelty company, is the yin to the yang of Boyd’s introverted, watchful Joe, a trained artist.
2603	Gomez lost the race to now-Sen.
2604	Gonzalez did three tours in Iraq and is a "great, great guy," his ex-stepson, Jerry S. Murphy, said.
2605	Gonzalez said there is ''no chance'' he'll return next year.
2606	Gonzalez sent Fuentes to the canvas with a combination in the sixth round and the referee stopped the bout.
2607	Gonzalez wrote that two sergeants and a private “systematically deleted any imagery” showing the face of anyone else, even if the identity of the person photographed had been previously disclosed and publicized.
2608	Good guys into BDSM should stick this in their online profiles: “I’m a nice, non-Ghomeshi dom looking for a lady who is into…” —Banish Abusive Doms My brother and I married two incredible women.
2609	“Good luck,” the judge told her.
2610	“Good morning, Lorena,” the driver, Martha Pitterson, 48, said as she pulled up along the curb.
2611	Good news for the Seattle area.
2612	Good Samaritan laws and expanding access to naloxone were two of the measures TFAH listed.
2613	Good under pressure On the flip side, the Rangers are 9-2 in their past 11 games when facing elimination, dating to Game 6 of the first round in 2012 at Ottawa.
2614	Google (GOOG), Apple (AAPL), Facebook, and other companies are throwing rich packages at tech veterans such as Lee, who has held jobs at PayPal, the online payments platform owned by EBay, and Slide, a photo-sharing site.
2615	Google's $95 a year price undercuts Amazon, with Google Express really being a chance to capitalize on the ads it displays to online.
2616	“Google, which manages the (Google) search engine, has the obligation to delete them.”
2617	GoPro's IPO wealth went well beyond its founder, Nicholas Woodman, who became a billionaire with the IPO.
2618	Go Public - beware when buying a used vehicle 6:47 Go Public - beware when buying a used vehicle 6:47 Sandy Lukowich thought she had struck a fair deal on a used high-end SUV.
2619	GOP will spin this like ACA and fall flat on there faces give it time.
2620	Gordon: 704-358-5095 Subscribe to The Charlotte Observer.
2621	Gordon in 1994 did hit hurricane strength briefly as it did an odd loop out in the Atlantic off the state before coming ashore several days later as a tropical depression that simply brought much-needed rain.
2622	Gordon, the Sprint Cup Series points leader, wound up second.
2623	"Got Milk?" did not reverse the historical decline of milk consumption.
2624	Gotta catch 'em all indeed.
2625	Gov. Chris Christie, R-New Jersey, is seriously thinking about running for president in 2016, STORY HIGHLIGHTS Gov. Chris Christie says he's not running for office again in New Jersey.
2626	Governments and the fledgling U.N. Green Climate Fund (GCF) are still figuring out how to organize the process, Klein said.
2627	Grafton says his knack for developing practical solutions was honed on the dairy farm where he was raised - where he never had access to a computer.
2628	Grand Bahama businessman Peter Hunt was the first to provide funding to each of the Junkanoo groups for the creation of prototypes for the carnival costumes which will be sold by the GBCCC under ‘The Grand Life’ theme.
2629	Graphite drawings provide the framework for the watercolors, with colors added in varying intensity and the bright white of the paper shining through in places.
2630	"Grass roots opposition to fracking grows as New Yorkers reject the lies and baseless assertions of the industry’s multimillion dollar propaganda and lobbying campaigns," he says in a statement to U.S. News.
2631	Grave diggers tell of attacks on mourners by gunmen from the surrounding slums, drug-fueled parties at tombs, and night-time desecration of graves to steal bones for rituals.
2632	Gravesham’s environmental health noise team confiscated audio equipment from a man in Lancaster Court, York Road, Gravesend, after he ignored warnings and continued to play loud music.
2633	Graveside services are scheduled for 10 a.m., Saturday, Jan. 11, at the Hall Cemetery in Jerico Springs, Mo., with the Rev. Bonnie Berry officiating.
2634	Greater economic opportunities for women will ensure that women have control over the choices they make, and bring an end to the inter-generational nature of this scourge.
2635	Great for amateur and professionals looking for a great place to produce some great photos.
2636	"Great nations, like great individuals, are those who are made stronger by the hardest tests of life.
2637	Greece takes over the EU presidency as Samaras' popularity slumps 01.01.2014 Greece - seen by many as the epicenter of the Europe’s sovereign debt crisis - has taken over the presidency of the EU for the next six months.
2638	Greene faced a possible life sentence and must serve at least 16 years in prison under South Carolina law.
2639	Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld.
2640	Greg Kato, policy and legislative manager for the city's Office of the Treasurer-Tax Collector, said taxpayer confidentiality rules prohibited him from providing specifics about Thick Description's tax problems.
2641	Gregor said local authorities reported that there were three people from TransPac Aviation Academy on board the plane.
2642	Grenville county OPP said the two girls were found safe.
2643	Grieving relatives of missing passengers leave a hotel in Beijing on March 24. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, center, delivers a statement about the flight March 24 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
2644	Grill the zucchini until tender and charred, 5 to 7 minutes per side.
2645	Gross, who takes care of Chase full-time in Colorado, said she’s “ecstatic” that the bill passed in committee and looks forward to the day she can return with him to Illinois, where her husband works in the health insurance industry.
2646	Group of 20 finance ministers and central bank chiefs meeting in Australia at the weekend did little to settle investor nerves.
2647	Grucci Inc.'s Hawaii representative Tom Likos, who was on the East Coast on Tuesday, declined to discuss the matter prior to the meeting.
2648	GT is required to repay that money over five years, starting in 2015.
2649	Guard against waste, and shift methods or materials.
2650	Gulf Greyhound Park near Galveston is the state's only track with live racing, though two other tracks that normally only offer simulcast racing have recently been allowed to hold brief, one-time-only meets.
2651	Gunfire was exchanged between unknown subject and the girl suffered a minor graze wound.
2652	Gunmen have repeatedly fired Grad rockets into Labraq airport, east of Benghazi.
2653	Gunmen killed a former Miss Venezuela and her British-born partner in front of their young daughter in an attack that has shocked the crime-plagued nation, authorities said on Tuesday.
2654	Guns, violence against women, gay rights, veterans.
2655	Guthrie, president of the Reston Early Learning Centre, said the demand far exceeds what they were able to build.
2656	Haan says the mini boom will likely continue for a decade.
2657	Haftar emerged as a renegade commander fighting Islamists but has recently entered into a frail alliance with the government in Tobruk, part of the chaos and ever-changing alliances in post-Gaddafi Libya.
2658	Hagel said the U.S. and allies consulted with its neighbors and, unlike China, did not unilaterally set up air defense zones.
2659	Hakobyan said the issue must be discussed before the main agenda.
2660	Hales told the undercover police officers he had strangled, in his words, 'a First Nations prostitute.'
2661	Half of the world's murders occur in countries with just 11 percent of the population.
2662	Hall of Famer Webb, the winner of last year’s tournament, signed for a par instead of a bogey on the 12th hole.
2663	Hamas announced on Thursday it had executed an unspecified number of Palestinians as Israeli spies.
2664	Hamas condemned that cooperation.
2665	Hamas has praised the abduction of the teens but not taken responsibility for it.
2666	Hamas officials on Tuesday rejected the current Egyptian plan as is, noting they weren't consulted by Cairo.
2667	Hamilton has a joint-record four victories at the Hungaroring, along with Michael Schumacher, and a repeat of last year's success on Sunday will help him cut Rosberg's 14-point advantage in the drivers' championship standings.
2668	Hamilton "has a very seasoned pair.
2669	Hamilton will use a crane to tear down parts of the building that have kept him from getting at key areas of the damage inside.
2670	Hand ball by Steven Gerrard (Liverpool).
2671	Handle family responsibilities first.
2672	Hands up, don't shoot."
2673	Hank Hunt, who spoke to Pai on Tuesday night, said the success of his campaign had far exceeded his expectations.
2674	"Happy to pass along that Tracy has been upgraded to fair condition, which is a great improvement," publicist Lewis Kay said in a statement.
2675	Hara is under the control of regime forces, but Zamreen is under rebel control like much of the surrounding area, although there have been recurring clashes there in recent weeks.
2676	Hardin ended up being fine a few weeks later, but his season was over before it even started.
2677	Harley began notifying owners in late July.
2678	Harry Arter and Matt Ritchie struck for the visitors after Danny Graham's opener for Wolves, who finished with nine men as both Rajiv van La Parra and Matt Doherty saw red.
2679	Harry, Mary and Nathaniel Crosby were on set when Bowie arrived to tape his appearance.
2680	Hartman, who had been nabbed earlier this year in an unsuccessful stowaway attempt at the San Francisco International Airport, was arrested after she couldn’t produce a boarding pass, officials said.
2681	Has it continued developing?
2682	Haskins' criminal history includes jail-time in two states, including Michigan.
2683	Hastings said the sex of the person is not known at this time.
2684	Hastings told deputies he believed that one of the fire officials implied that it was OK for him to light the backburn.
2685	Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share?
2686	Have faith and keep walking, knowing Allah is with you.”
2687	Have fun with it."
2688	Have you got other recommendations for rookie blog writers I'd definitely be thankful By the way Lindsey Lohan is in the news again?
2689	Have you had money stolen from your bank account?
2690	Having a healthy Harvin back makes a huge difference, he said.
2691	“Having a larger vessel with more power, proper towing winches, means you have enough cable that you can tow safely,” he said.
2692	Having not eaten every mac & cheese on this planet, we can't back up this Flatiron cheese shop's claim, but it's pretty darn good.
2693	Having participated in paying $50 billion for GM as a US citizen, and therefore being a part-owner of GM, I have the right to state that I have apprehensions about the appropriateness of this vehicle in their product lineup.
2694	"Having said that, I think there needs to be more training and more awareness around the potential of this event occurring.
2695	“Having these guys healthy is a huge part of it,” general manager Jed Hoyer said of the Cubs’ ground-up rebuilding process.
2696	Having too many patterns or colors in a space can exacerbate a feeling of disorganization.
2697	Hayes’ confidence in this team stems from the players she has at her disposal.
2698	Haygood said within the next month to two months, Wooten will prepare a memo to break down all of the abatements.
2699	"Hazardous material companies, they have to do a lot more before they can just go out and start driving a truck down the road," said Nick Hopper, of Washington State Patrol's Commercial Vehicle Division.
2700	HBO set to produce adaptation of All the Way starring Bryan Cranston Bryan Cranston's portrayal of President Lyndon Johnson will be making its way from the Broadway stage to premium cable, The Associated Press reports.
2701	He actually arranged 200 talks for me over the next year to get better at this.
2702	He added: “I’m an adult — I’m 44. If I feel like gaming, I want to play right now.”
2703	He added: "It was one of Axminster Tesco's baked in-store, multi-grain brown loaves.
2704	He added that he didn't think there is a need to create a standalone ESPN streaming service since that might erode the popularity of cable bundles.
2705	He added that he is just "happy to be alive" after his accident, saying, "It's one of those things that could've always been worse, so I feel blessed."
2706	He added that his office is looking into possible charges against the student.
2707	He added that the firm use a power hose to clean up after they have finished installing every meter and try and leave places "cleaner than before we were here".
2708	He added the risk of torture and death in Algeria for Harkat would be "significant."
2709	He admitted he was a little apprehensive about the offer, but discussed it with his wife and couldn't be happier with the work.
2710	He admitted seeing her picture on the screen.
2711	Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Oilfield Water Logistics provides a complete suite of water services for the energy industry including supply, transport, reclamation and disposal.
2712	He advises having conversations with the people in your life who influenced you the most and asking them what they were taught about money growing up.
2713	He allegedly sent the Facebook message about 30 minutes after arriving and the recipient notified police.
2714	He allowed three runs - two earned - and seven hits with four strikeouts and no walks in a 101-pitch performance.
2715	He also created the system in which each distributor finds two distributors directly beneath him or her.
2716	He also focuses his practice on family law matters, with an emphasis on divorce, children's issues and the financial aspects of marriage and business valuations.
2717	He also had a felony arrest warrant out of Oregon for a suspected drug offense.
2718	He also liked guns, even though he wasn't supposed to have any because of prior felony convictions.
2719	He also proposed to retain its cooperative ethos and prevent it from ever being turned into a publicly listed company.
2720	He also said he was fine with being taken out of a redshirt year in the OSU game when Brown was ejected.
2721	He also said that Rob Ford will "probably" need radiation and surgery after that, adding it's "really a long process."
2722	He also said that the U.S. is not "just going to play whack-a-mole and send U.S. troops occupying various countries wherever these organizations pop up."
2723	He also sent a note of caution to communist leaders: “Cuba has to presumably satisfy the requirements that investors need, which are primarily a return on investment and security of the investment, so they feel comfortable with what they’re doing.”
2724	He also suggested extra money recently allocated to the NHS would help it cope with extra demands.
2725	He also threw a staggering 38 touchdowns against just two interceptions.
2726	He also was a little bored.
2727	He also was asked if he'd taken care of an Ebola patient or touched the body of anyone who'd died in an Ebola-stricken area in the last 21 days — the incubation period.
2728	He also worked for the Spanish edition of The Wall Street Journal.
2729	He also worked in the school cafeteria last year, so he could afford hot lunches.
2730	Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Khalid al-Marghalani told The Associated Press that the man arrived to Saudi Arabia from Sierra Leone on Sunday night.
2731	Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Khalid al-Marghalani told The Associated Press that the patient arrived to Saudi Arabia from Sierra Leone on Sunday night.
2732	Health officials don't know whether the virus caused any of the children's arm and leg weaknesses or whether it's just a germ they coincidentally picked up.
2733	Health PEI in 2011: 'What basis would you have to deny it?'
2734	He and his girlfriend had just moved most of their worldly belongings to his family home in Malott to store before going to England for a year.
2735	He apologized to voters and said he would not resign.
2736	He appeared in court, packed with about 70 people, under heavy guard.
2737	Heating oil prices dropped 2.0 cents per litre to $1.133.
2738	He attended James Cardinal McGuigan Catholic High School.
2739	He attributes the growth to the popularity of the new school and an increasing local population.
2740	Heavy downpours are a possibility. 16 Indy parks slated for upgrades, renovations 6:39 PM, May 27, 2014 8:06 PM, May 27, 2014 Sixteen Indianapolis parks are slated to receive major upgrades and renovations, officials announced Tuesday.
2741	Heavy shellfire broke out again on Monday on the outskirts of the pro-Russian stronghold of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, a day after a parliamentary poll that seemed to show strong backing for the pro-Western reform course of President Petro Poroshenko.
2742	He believes it is one of the reasons Leavey's enrollment is up 13% this year, with 320 students majoring in business.
2743	He believes the popularity of coffee shops such as Starbucks has survived the recession.
2744	H-E-B’s most direct competitor in my suburban area is Randalls, a Safeway brand.
2745	He bumped up against a fundamental dilemma in the typical brokerage firm model--brokers earn their living and are paid a commission for transactions made in their client's accounts.
2746	He called for the US and South Korea to suspend their planned military exercises, describing them as "of a sinister and dangerous nature".
2747	He called it a "death rattle" or "last gasp" and told the jury he has witnessed the snoring phenomenon hundreds of times in Vancouver east end fatalities.
2748	He called their deaths a tragedy, saying, "This is not what the IDF does."
2749	"He called us because he wanted that confrontation."
2750	He came to the crease when Krishmar Santokie had Jimmy Neesham bowled off the inside-edge and found an able partner in Kane Williamson.
2751	“He came up to me and said that.
2752	He can play in run or pass-rushing situations, and people around the game think he should be a productive contributor if used part time.
2753	He can't get his head around the notion of a mouse living in his house: mice and bears don't belong together.
2754	He capped off his win by breaking serve again on a second match point in the final game when Monfils sailed a forehand long.
2755	He cited research by the Richmond Times-Dispatch newspaper showing that three slave-trading sites lay beneath the proposed baseball stadium and argued that the city's archeological heritage needs to be preserved.
2756	He claimed to have saved 15 tons of carbon waste by "beaming in" instead of flying, and departed with the words: "I am now going to vanish into thin air, leaving not a carbon footprint behind."
2757	He closed with a 68 and tied for third with Henrik Stenson, who fell out of a share of the lead by missing a 3-foot par putt on the 14th hole.
2758	He completed just shy of two-thirds of his pass attempts.
2759	He continued his winning streak with three of the candidates he endorsed winning primaries.
2760	He cooked for his entire local family at least once each week.
2761	He could face at least 30 years in prison over current charges but is more likely to face up to life in prison, the Times said.
2762	He could have noted - perhaps he was too polite - that Mr Gates has also had to make some serious defence cuts of his own.
2763	"He created a system that gave him the opportunity and the means to molest children."
2764	He'd been detained nearly six months for allegedly leaving a Bible in a nightclub.
2765	He decides to ignore that absurdity and just sell him the gun.
2766	He delivered babies at the hospital, and was not involved in the treatment of Ebola patients, so it's unclear how he became infected with the virus.
2767	He demanded money and property from the workers and then took off.
2768	He described "two years of great uncertainty and lack of legal protection for everyone," and added: "The situation must come to an end.
2769	He did not identify the contractor.
2770	"He did not know what happened," a witness told the news site.
2771	He didn't really have much choice.
2772	He did the panel, and fishermen thought there would be a Maritime price," said LaVie.
2773	“He died without his family.
2774	He dismisses the Kadhafi claims as ridiculous and charges against him in the Bettencourt case were dropped last year.
2775	He’d never rushed for more than 37 yards in a game, and that came in mop-up duty during a blowout last year.
2776	He doesn't necessarily need to come to Berlin, he could meet Foreign Minister Steinmeier in Munich.
2777	He doesn't really change if the visibility goes bad.
2778	He doesn’t research his books; they all take place in San Francisco in the 1960s, a period he knows well.
2779	He doesn't rule out moving Trophy Wife or The Goldbergs there should they be guaranteed a renewal next season.
2780	He ended up staying for more than four decades and launching a career as a journalist just as China began opening up to the world.
2781	He estimated it stayed on the ground for about a minute.
2782	He faces other charges from the theft of the Infiniti, which occurred in police jurisdiction, according to the sheriff's office.
2783	He feels the Fed is making a mistake by saying it would still be patient in deciding when to begin raising interest rates.
2784	"He felt that the suggestion that Richard had been guilty of arson was not justified," Nashville attorney George Cate Jr. said of Jon Setzer's view of Parker.
2785	He felt the criminal cases under investigation should be heard by a Kenyan court.
2786	He figured the players would make up for that with their effort.
2787	He finally crashed the car he was driving.
2788	He finally lost her, a woman he says didn’t look a day over 35. “At that point,” says Simmons, referring to the recruitment of Allison, “it wasn’t about football.
2789	He finished out that round in a tie for second, one shot behind Adam Scott.
2790	He founded his own investment company and was a negotiator with the EU, IMF and ECB on Lisbon's bailout program.
2791	He found himself “grow in the heart” to the point he’s been part of a host family for four years.
2792	He gave up only four hits while striking out nine and walking two.
2793	He had 13 rebounds to go with his 44 points against the Nuggets.
2794	He had a huge diversity of friends and he valued them.
2795	He had a lot of friends and contacts in the region," Van Dyke told CBS Miami.
2796	He had been in doubt for the start of the India series after suffering his third hamstring injury since in the first one-dayer in Perth against South Africa.
2797	He had been in ill health for several years, battling Alzheimer’s disease, a heart condition and back problems.
2798	"He had been pro-revolution in 2011, and didn't like the fact that there was military rule coming back so soon, so easily."
2799	He had been sure his uncle had been out of the house when the police burst in. But going into the now-deserted bathroom he saw that concealed under the tub there was an iron ladder leading to an underground chamber.
2800	“He had combined this ancient art history with modern technology,” Govan said.
2801	He "had concrete plans to travel back to Syria," police spokesman Markus Haindl told AFP.
2802	He had never worked in Rome before his election as pope last year, and - as a Vatican outsider from the other end of the world - is clearly frustrated by the slow-moving and creaking Vatican bureaucracy.
2803	He has also recommended, among other things, that modern facilities be constructed to store seized goods and that Jamaica's outdated vending laws be updated.
2804	He has at times been criticised for adopting ambiguous positions: notably on Syria, where the Assad regime is supported by many Christians, and Iraq, where he has wobbled on whether airstrikes against Islamic State militants can be justified.
2805	He has been granted a license by Health Canada to operate a 20,000-square-foot plant in the city.
2806	He has been one of them.
2807	He has been working out of compassion, integrity and excellence.
2808	He has consulted on projects to float a 60-ton stage, and to enhance gravity in space, among other ambitious plans.
2809	He has deemed 31 claims eligible for compensation since he started the project five weeks ago.
2810	He has formed a working group of lawmakers to study options.
2811	He has given no indication as to how much territory he is willing to cede and he has rejected any division of east Jerusalem, the Palestinians' hoped-for capital.
2812	He has missed too many events to win the Schwab Cup.
2813	He hasn't allowed more than two runs in a game since.
2814	He hasn't been back on a bicycle since the accident.
2815	He has only lost three sets en route to winning four China Open titles in four years.
2816	He has pleaded not guilty in each case and is being held without bail.
2817	He has red hair, if you see him.
2818	He hates the TeaParty, of course, and has declared war on it.
2819	He held on to the hope that if he lost just a few pounds, it would be enough to convince his mom that he could do the gastric bypass surgery.
2820	He hit on a liqueur based on zabaglione, a custard made from yolks, sugar and Marsala.
2821	He insists there wasn’t a singular ‘‘Welcome to the NHL’’ moment.
2822	He intends to take a break from the bruising multi-event disciplines and give himself respite with a season of 400 hurdles.
2823	He is also active in the N.C. Executive Police Officers Association.
2824	He is also considered to be quite bright and calculating.
2825	He is also due to visit Africa, the United States and Latin America.
2826	He is also held responsible for the 43-month siege of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, in which more than 5,000 civilians died.
2827	He is also projected to win his race against independent challenger Greg Orman, helping the Republicans to secure the Senate majority.
2828	He is also the editor of "First Read," NBC's must-read guide to political news.
2829	"He is a player who can eliminate others", he said in an interview.
2830	He is a trustworthy person," Pele, speaking at an endorsement function in Rio, was quoted as saying.
2831	He is being held at the Detroit Detention Center.
2832	He is being held without bond.
2833	He is British, married to a Saudi woman and they have been living in Riyadh for years."
2834	He is delighted that he and his wife followed her instinct, and reached out after the tragedy to Thomas’ ex-wife and son, Bjvrn, just 5 when his father was killed.
2835	He is excited about it."
2836	He is facing charges of possessing child pornography, accessing, distributing and making child pornography available.
2837	He is not looking good but don't give up on him yet."
2838	He is okay on defense, and should improve when he learns how to use his length and quickness more effectively.
2839	He is president of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, which featured the study at its annual conference in Chicago on Friday.
2840	He is sentenced to 15.5 years in prison.
2841	He is the author of Disease Proof, and most recently, of the epic novel, reVision.
2842	He just published a revised edition of Sisa’s Vengeance (create-space; amazon.
2843	He kept following me to my car from the 7/11.
2844	He kills six people and wounds two and then kills himself when confronted by police.
2845	He knows he's not allowed to have it in his system, but he still says he's going to go out and do it.
2846	He later returned to Russia to become the Minister of Sport.
2847	He later turned himself in. Jeremiah says seeing that car was difficult.
2848	He learned that four relatives, all of them children, died of dehydration while on the hillside.
2849	He led the La Familia cartel when he supposedly perished in a two-day gunbattle with federal police in December 2010 in Michoacan, his home state.
2850	He left the Seattle Police Department earlier this year when Mayor Ed Murray reorganized and he was given the option of retirement or accepting a demotion.
2851	He likened the development to a similar trend in college basketball, which saw a dramatic uptick in minority coaches, only to see those numbers begin to slowly tail off.
2852	Helmets are the only equipment permitted to be worn during the first two days of football practice.
2853	He locked himself in the clubhouse with the base, leading to a Mavericks forfeit.
2854	"He loves playing in front of a big crowd," Murray said.
2855	Help available for ‘back- to-school’ expenses Published: Thursday, August 28th, 2014 Eve and Casey Trandem, fourth grade teachers at Custer Elementary School, experience back-to-school, as both parents and teachers.
2856	Helping Peet with rebounding will by Larysa McClellon and Teisha Mitchell.
2857	He made an anonymous monetary donation to Randy's AFI thesis film.
2858	He made both free throws.
2859	He made no mistake with a second chance a couple of minutes later, but Munster hit back immediately with a stunning try in the eighth minute.
2860	He means a lot to us in the wrestling fraternity.”
2861	He must replace the old-timers and yes men in his coaching staff with fresh minds, but does not want to.
2862	Hence, in the long run, dieting requires the use of much more self-control than exercising.
2863	Hendrick said she’s found solace in knowing that her husband and daughters are in heaven because they knew God.
2864	Hendricks also ordered Attorney General Derek Schmidt to pay $3,986 in attorney's fees, saying he didn't think there was a good faith effort on the state's part.
2865	He needs just eight goals to pass Telmo Zarra as the highest goalscorer in the history of the Spanish first division.
2866	He never drove a car during his lifetime.
2867	Henheffer could not estimate how far behind the hearing is, but said he hopes they can still make up the time along the way.
2868	He noted that the transportation infrastructure was now at capacity, and urged attendees to approve Proposition 1 on the Nov. 4 ballot, which would provide additional funding for highways.
2869	He notes the passage in Luke where Jesus returns after the crucifixion, when “even his closest disciples failed to recognize him.”
2870	Henry Craig, Cathay Pacific pilot While the plane is touted as being extra wide-bodied (hence the XWB), the height of the cabin without central overhead bins is striking (although that might only be an option for first and business class).
2871	Henry Lee McCollum, one of two brothers exonerated 30 years after their wrongful conviction of rape and murder "It was a real eureka moment.
2872	"He offered a friendly ear and an open door in the West Wing, and we talked frequently," Clinton writes, describing the Chicago mayor as a "a creative thinker, an expert in the legislative process, and a great asset to the President."
2873	He often wore Penguins gear around GW’s campus and found ways to bring friends together to watch sports, including throwing a combined birthday and Super Bowl party every year.
2874	He ordered Baysinger to open a safe.
2875	He owns a mansion on Kensington Palace Gardens, which he bought, in 2004, for forty-one million pounds.
2876	He pleaded guilty to two counts of assault earlier this year.
2877	He preached that homosexuality was a sin, suggested a wife’s role was to be subservient to her husband, and was often caught writing or saying things even more controversial.
2878	He previously served with the Georgian army during the war with Russia in 2008.
2879	He proclaimed homosexuality a sin, comparable to bestiality, and also made some crude remarks about race relations and crass ones about women.
2880	He put the program on HOLD only to make sure he had enough staff for the jail.
2881	Her Aimee is wholly original—she’s self-conscious but open, vulnerable without sacrificing her strength.
2882	He ranks third in the AL with 215 strikeouts and 195 1-3 innings.
2883	He rattled in an eagle at the par-five third with a 25-foot putt and picked up two further shots in a blemish-free round at the Majlis course.
2884	Her biography has sold more copies than his, according to sports journalist Alison Kervin.
2885	Her book quietens after its main stretch in the heart of Avenger-land, as her political passion and dedication is tested, post-9/11.
2886	Her case was later dismissed when the court didn't find enough evidence that the device was turned on.
2887	Her children stopped bringing the grandchildren to visit her.
2888	Her comments came in a statement released by the IMF yesterday when Lagarde wrapped up a three-day visit to the island.
2889	Her concern for the housing issues of others continued after her retirement and she chaired the House of Mercy hostel for the homeless, Soroptimist Housing and worked as an honorary clerk for Knights Almshouses in Northfleet.
2890	Her defense team argued she should only get the community service.
2891	He read about his home country in newspapers that searchers deliberately scattered in the jungle for him to find, but dismissed their content as propaganda.
2892	Here are some ways to try and keep your homeowner's insurance costs down: Raise your deductible.
2893	He recalled a quote from the 2008 Charlemagne Prize winner, current German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who had said "if the euro fails then Europe will fail."
2894	He received an undisclosed amount of money and fled southbound on foot, Pubins said.
2895	He received his education at Washburn, and was a graduate of Southwest High School.
2896	He recently signed with Columbia Records — home to Beyonce, Adele and One Direction — and will release an album this year.
2897	He refused to comment further.
2898	Here is a timeline of key events in the Rice story.
2899	He rejected suggestions that archrival Oracle (ORCL) has been able to exploit the downturn to gain market share vs. SAP.
2900	He remains Mashable's chief executive.
2901	He reports that the island got 10 to 15 inches of rain in some areas and tree and power lines toppled, but electricity has been restored after isolated outages.
2902	Here Ricketts discusses in great detail the scope of queer, working-class literature and the people who created and inspired it.
2903	Here’s a key point: That stock performance matters more to Dimon than headline pay figures.
2904	Here’s a thought for the in-bred officials at the zoo, if you cant find it a home, spay or neuter the animal.
2905	Here's a totally not-staged photo of my BF and I holding hands with chocolate-covered gloves.
2906	Here, she poses with her dog, Spike.
2907	Here’s how things unfolded: First, LeBron James was called for an offensive foul for pushing off on Brooklyn’s Andrei Kirilenko.
2908	Here's our final observation about yesterday's news: Where was Fidel Castro?
2909	Here's the original Spider-Woman costume.
2910	He reversed that decision less than a week later and released the movie after President Barack Obama joined other critics in saying Sony had erred, they said.
2911	Here we are, all supporting the team,” said Vanessa Silva, a 31-year-old banker wearing a yellow and green scarf — the national team colors.
2912	Her family hails from Hayneville, a small town between Selma and Montgomery, Alabama.
2913	Her family have spent c40k to support her studiy / visits in the last 4 years.
2914	"Her father, Arch Moore, represented West Virginia in Congress and was also elected governor three times.
2915	Her father was Harry Brawley.
2916	Her first few weeks were tough.
2917	Her friends are partying without her."
2918	Her legal team told CNN that Mariam Yehya Ibrahim, her American husband, Daniel Wani, and their two children were stopped at an airport in Khartoum and interrogated at national security headquarters in the Sudanese capital.
2919	Her legs were bruised and she had stitches on her head and her eyes are still red,” he said.
2920	Hernandez also was charged this month with two counts of first-degree murder in the July 2012 killings of two men in Boston.
2921	Her one word about Bowser: saying that Barack Obama’s endorsement of the future mayor was “peculiar.”
2922	Her production company, Pacific Standard, is specifically geared toward projects with complex roles for women — like the role played by Rosamund Pike in "Gone Girl," which came out in October.
2923	Her roommate Caroline Hendley reported her missing to police.
2924	"Her terror and helplessness.
2925	Her two sons and a daughter were born and raised in England.
2926	Her uncle's death remained a mystery for months after the attack.
2927	“He’s a different kind of a guy.
2928	He’s a firm believer in interpreting the Constitution as it was meant when it was adopted.
2929	He's a "half-alive" kind of guy..
2930	He said a pilot was killed after separatists used anti-aircraft missiles to shoot down a military helicopter in the city.
2931	He said greater scientific study is needed before Canada expands its shale gas industry.
2932	He said he and his family were welcomed with open arms when they arrived from Cuba because they were perceived as fleeing a tyrannical communist government, but Godinez-Samperio is perceived as a defector from poverty and is thus "viewed negatively."
2933	He said he believes he has the support of the NFL's owners, his bosses.
2934	He said he doesn’t know who any of the featured ice fishermen will be.
2935	He said he had his phone out, prepared to call 9-1-1, "but she didn't want to and," he remembers thinking, "'I can't do that if she doesn't want to do it.'
2936	He said he had suffered discrimination as well.
2937	He said he has not talked to any council members who are enthusiastic about the sales tax referendum.
2938	He said he isn’t seeking notoriety.
2939	He said he plans to present medical files and evidence of past diagnoses as evidence.
2940	He said he's only worried about one law: "The Constitution requires the United States to secure the border.
2941	He said he was happy to donate the full original cash target to buy Benjy and ship him to England.
2942	He said he was surrounded by six police cars, then made to sit on the curb.
2943	He said in a message to officers on Sunday that Liu and Ramos were "targeted for their uniform, and for the responsibility they embraced: to keep the people of this city safe."
2944	He said intelligence operations have cleaned up their act in the years.
2945	“He said, ‘Let’s get out of here.
2946	He said: "No-one working for me has had anything to do with any campaign against him or briefing against him.
2947	He said Oracle Team USA representatives still need to visit prospective venues -- including Hawaii -- to check out potential racing sites.
2948	He said pools around the country are having to delay their openings because of lifeguard shortages.
2949	He said snow will start blowing in southwestern Nova Scotia on Thursday afternoon and spread across the province.
2950	He said: "Strengthening of the school feeding programme is important especially in support of the most vulnerable.
2951	"He said that he was doing fine, not to worry about him, but I could just sense that he's a little depressed.
2952	He said that section of Route 27 north of the accident scene is straight, flat and dry, but the road curves into an area that is shaded by trees and can be icy.
2953	He said that Tegra K1 could move the industry closer to self-driving cars.
2954	He said the agricultural sector had shrunk by 12 percent, and cited mining and manufacturing as other areas under heavy pressure.
2955	He said the attorney general's office is currently conducting "research and analysis" on a legal challenge and is contacting other states with status updates.
2956	He said the Franklin rates were abnormally low and he said he wasn’t sure if the rate sheet entailed all the costs associated with a hookup.
2957	He said the furnace stopped working Sunday and was repaired by a technician.
2958	He said the level of sulfur dioxide in the air has gone down by 69 percent since 2008.
2959	He said the new company will be a market leader in the $20 billion medication management segment.
2960	He said the report was never a problem for him in getting jobs or promotions.
2961	He said the residents of 200 villages had been forced to flee.
2962	He said the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program -- SNAP -- was cut a little below what he would have liked to see, but it's still there and it is an important program.
2963	He said the United States and others think Russia has played a hand in the "disruption and chaos" that have recently spread through southern and eastern Ukraine.
2964	He said the unit has been able to retain experienced pilots over the years.
2965	He said the war is not about gaining or losing a city, but about the whole conflict, which has lasted more than three years.
2966	He said they called headquarters twice for permission to stop the protesters.
2967	He said they were fighting and she jumped off the bed, hitting him and telling him to go.
2968	He’s a lean giant of a man with no ears, and is bald.
2969	He’s also a flutist of warmth and pith — and, in a way not previously emphasized this strongly, an electric bassist fond of thumb-slapping funk.
2970	"He's always been pastoral, close to the people," says Morello, now a sociologist at Boston College.
2971	He’s a midfielder, and that’s one position in which the Fire have depth and ­options.
2972	He says 14 people were wounded in that attack.
2973	He says an expert panel recommended that the province buy Alexandria Real Estate's interests to give them more flexibility in setting rent rates to get more tenants in the mostly empty office tower.
2974	He says claims must be supported by scientific evidence and terms of sale should be easy to find.
2975	He says he and his sister beat the tiger with sticks, but their 60-year-old father was still thrashing in the animal's jaws when they disappeared into the swamp.
2976	He says he doesn't have a timetable for their return.
2977	He says he knows most residents just want to speak their minds without violence, but he says it's "the crazies" that worry him.
2978	He says he now plans to upgrade the air compressor to a more powerful model, so that he can lift 300 pounds.
2979	He says once someone decides "in their heart" they are going to leave a political party or an organisation it is hard to stop them.
2980	He says Oregon already has something in the works.
2981	He says that despite big gains in the past two decades, the low-modal-share picture is similar in cities across North America.
2982	He says the federation had revised its proposal in light of the fiscal constraints but was told last night that the Minister with responsibility for the Public Service, Horace Dalley, is yet to look at the document.
2983	He says the "green and lush" countryside did not disappoint.
2984	He says the medical leave was a result of damage to his health from intimidation and retaliation he experienced after trying to report possible corruption in the department.
2985	He says the new fight must avoid what he calls mistakes of the past.
2986	He's been attending the roundup since he became the county executive, but has never watched the Pig Rassle.
2987	He's been nominated for almost every Best Actor award out there this season, including an Oscar (his first, and one of nine nominations for the film itself).
2988	He scored high on a cork-1080, which he saved for his final jump.
2989	He's described as about 25 years old, six feet tall and about 175 pounds, with black hair and a moustache.
2990	He served our country for 26 years in the United States Air Force.
2991	He's got to sort himself out I think," the guitarist said.
2992	“He shoots about 75 percent for the year,” Winslow coach Jared Browne said.
2993	"He should be left-footed, have a well-established pre-shot routine and be wearing a red jersey if possible," he said.
2994	Hesitation to spend a lot now, and choosing instead to invest more than prior generations in higher education, may, however, point to a preparedness and eventual higher earnings that lead to bigger contributions to the economy down the line.
2995	"He's just a tough-nosed kid," Bullock said about Crysler.
2996	''He's just giving us a lot of energy right now.'
2997	“He’s just got to keep grinding away.
2998	"He's just got to zone it out."
2999	He's just looking for a quick Buck.
3000	He's looking to open a diner on campus too, proving you're not the only one looking for pancakes at 3 a.m. on a Saturday.
3001	He’s not going to come close to the 28 touchdowns Shaun Alexander scored during his MVP season in 2005, or the 31 touchdowns LaDainian Tomlinson scored in winning the award in 2006.
3002	He's not playing hooky.
3003	He's not putting any limits on where his last campaign will end in Brazil.
3004	"He's one of my best friends but we have to do what's best for the city," Jimenez said.
3005	"He's on normal rest, so yeah, he's an option," Showalter said.
3006	He’s out now, back in Germany.
3007	He spent Thursday running errands and helping neighbors prepare their homes for the storm.
3008	He spoke to Joachim Hjerl and Frederik Bjare at the Copenhagen maritime allotment, Asger Gad at the cycle library and Ulla Rottger from Amagerbakke resource centre.
3009	He squats at abandoned buildings or just in his beat-up truck and is ashamed of the work he has performed to make money, but he has accepted his life is just what it is.
3010	"He's real efficient.
3011	“He’s really helped define the character — very welcoming, exuberant, fun-loving.”
3012	“He’s slated to start off in Triple-A.
3013	He’s so hot that the Internet Photoshopped his face into Hugo Boss and Calvin Klein ads.
3014	"He (Staley) said he was distracted by something in the cabin," said Oklahoma Highway Patrol Capt. Ronnie Hampton, who declined to say what the distraction was.
3015	He's the author of four books; two are a collection of recipes with former co-host Kathie Lee Gifford.
3016	He’s the last UW fullback to be drafted.
3017	He's the mysterious individual said to be the creator of Bitcoin, and Newsweek claims to have found him.
3018	He's training well.
3019	He submitted his report in mid-October, setting off a lengthy legal review on his report and how the Army can proceed legally in the case.
3020	He suggested McGuinness should face the same criminal scrutiny.
3021	He survived the invasion — and the rest of the war — relatively unscathed.
3022	He takes responsibility for what he perceives to be good things.
3023	He talks to them about the growing problem with bullying.
3024	He teamed up with friends at local documentary production company Grainey Pictures to plan what the film could look like and set Fuel Development Executive Daniel Schechter on a research mission.
3025	“He (the engineer) yelled back and asked them ‘Are you ok?’
3026	He then sped up the film to give viewers a high-speed glimpse of the final moments before before the dawn deadline.
3027	He threw his arms into the air and mockingly celebrated his trick shot.
3028	He told fans on twitter: "I'll be on bench but it's a good opportunity to be involved in some big games..
3029	He told her where he lived and she brought him home."
3030	"He told me he was hanging by his arms from the ceiling and beaten very badly.
3031	He told parliament that Gen. Serhiy Kulchytskiy was among those who died, according to the Interfax news agency.
3032	He told police he found the baby in a small white box covered with electrician's tape.
3033	"He took some bad swings on some sliders before that.
3034	He urged Canada to keep working with France in areas ranging from expanded trade to dealing with the deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
3035	He very well could have altered his appearance and very likely he's got two guns," Bowman said.
3036	"He wants 15 countries more, 15 wars more."
3037	He wants, he says, first to go to eastern Ukraine where pro-Russian separatists have plunged that region into violence.
3038	"He wants to topple the whole system."
3039	He was 74. Poet Amiri Baraka, who lost his post as New Jersey's poet laureate because of a controversial poem about the 9/11 terror attacks, died January 9, his agent said.
3040	He was 7-for-11 passing for 113 yards and two touchdowns, both to Taj Smith.
3041	"He was a huge part of the success we had in my years before," James said of Varejao.
3042	He was aided not only by personal ties, but by the fundraising prowess he has displayed since joining the leadership.
3043	He was also an architect of a plan to hike the sales tax in two stages to curb Japan’s huge public debt.
3044	He was also well-known for his Mad Dogs and Englishmen Tour of 1970, which visited 48 cities across the US.
3045	He was a member of al-Maliki's party but a man seen as willing to build bridges across Iraq's sectarian divides; crucially, he had the backing of both the US and Iran.
3046	He was arrested on suspicion of first-degree terroristic threatening and possessing a deadly weapon.
3047	He was born in Sedalia, Missouri, June 13, 1947, on Friday the 13th.
3048	He was born on Jan. 15, 1978 to Ed and Brenda (Young) Miller in Terre Haute.
3049	He was elected to the position, a four-year term, in 2012 with 54.6 percent of the state's vote.
3050	"He was friendly, kind-hearted.
3051	He was inducted into Worldwide Branding in 2006, named a Distinguished Professor of Special Education by Ball State University from 1997 through 2006, and inducted into Academic Keys Who's Who in Education.
3052	"He was kind of in bad shape this morning so we gave him some fluids," she said.
3053	He was officially presented with his award at the Radio One show on Sunday at Wembley Arena.
3054	He was pronounced dead at the scene.
3055	He was quiet as he and others surveyed the scene later Friday morning.
3056	He was right about the scales.
3057	He was suspended from duty at the time of the hearing, and disciplinary action was reportedly being delayed until after the sentencing.
3058	He was taken to hospital in critical condition and later died.
3059	He was the first to finish at 8-under 272. — Knox played the most consistently, his only big gaffe coming on the 14th hole when he tries to play a tough shot out of the rough and saw it carom to the right and into the water for double bogey.
3060	He was very compassionate.
3061	He was very fond of birds and had a teal McKaw named Gerber.
3062	He was wearing wire-rimmed glasses, dark pants and a navy blue hooded jacket.
3063	"He went home after they killed Willie but (his daughter) Faith is never going to sit in her chair again," she says.
3064	He will find out just how much of America opposes the illegal immigration, come November.
3065	He will leave the team after the game to attend the memorial service in Slovakia.
3066	He will seek to use a half-yearly budget update on Wednesday to convince voters that his plan for more spending cuts, focused in large part on welfare payments, is more credible than Labour's less aggressive austerity proposals.
3067	Hewlett-Packard continues to be the most widely used supercomputer vendor, having delivered 197 systems on the list, above IBM's 164 systems and Cray's 48 systems.
3068	He worked at ground zero for 11 days beside his colleagues, not wearing a mask.
3069	"He would fit right in," said the 54-year-old Sosa.
3070	He would have celebrated his tenth birthday on June 22. Bradshaw Funeral Home in Malden, Mo. is handling his funeral arrangements.
3071	He would make a contender out of any NBA team.
3072	He would not say if O'Leary will try to annex the communities in the future, but admitted more education needs to happen to make the plan work.
3073	Hide a treasure for later.
3074	Hide / Show comments If you don't think corporations are out to get us, read what happened to this unfortunate, creative person, and the 3M..
3075	High impact collision It says if a player is diagnosed with concussion, a graduated return to playing programme is set out.
3076	High seas 'a good place' Interrogators from the FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group are on board the ship.
3077	High tides were expected along the south coast during the early hours of this morning, with flooding possible along the Kent coastline.
3078	Hildebrand said mechanical malfunction has been ruled out.
3079	Hiring in this area accounts for 15% of all offers this year, up from just 5% last year, the report says.
3080	His 10 percent from our U.S. Open win put him through college and from that point he never looked back."
3081	His 4,256 hits were not enough to keep Pete Rose from agreeing to expulsion from Major League Baseball for life after evidence surfaced showing Rose bet not only on baseball games but also on the Reds team he managed.
3082	His accomplice, Norman Brown, was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
3083	His accomplice went into the record keeping department, brought the employees to the teller's area at gunpoint and ordered them to the ground.
3084	His attorney, Jan Cole-Wilson, says his client dragged what he thought was a dead body behind the truck.
3085	His brother and suspected accomplice, Tamerlan, was killed during the manhunt after the bombing.
3086	“His charitable work is also very impressive, making him a fantastic ambassador for the nation.”
3087	His claim is completely without merit, and we will aggressively defend ourselves and our members from these baseless charges.
3088	His coolness toward this pro-business priority is unlikely to cost him in a national campaign, though, because of his success in stripping his state's public-employee unions of most of their bargaining powers soon after taking office.
3089	H., is cosponsoring that proposal, and it is expected to pass easily.
3090	His daughter, Rym, was a CNN correspondent who covered the war until her marriage to a Jordanian prince.
3091	His department conducts an investigation and maintains good relationships with local law enforcement.
3092	"His detractors said that it was a local issue and that the president should not be injecting himself," said Adolphus Pruitt, head of the NAACP's branch in St Louis.
3093	His email address is gkeizer@computerworld.com.. Read more about security in Computerworld's Security Topic Center.
3094	His family gave him the gun, or at least provided him access to it.
3095	His family helped develop the residential neighborhood and he was well-known in the area, according to Gates.
3096	His family sends him to a day-care centre set up by one of the local groups demanding rights for the gas victims.
3097	His father, Eric, was devoted to air-cooled Volkswagens and built a collection that was legendary.
3098	His friends, however, describe him as a trustworthy and outgoing world traveler who joined the Army in 2008 and U.S. officials aren't directly calling Bergdahl a deserter.
3099	His funeral will be held in London on Friday.
3100	His hamstring started to feel weird – a familiar sensation he experienced when he tore his other ACL – and he was checked out by a doctor.
3101	"His heart is in Africa."
3102	His hobbies included hunting, woodworking and welding.
3103	His inclusion here will likely depend on Kobe Bryant, who is second among all vote-getters but could – and should – decline the honor so that a deserving talent can take part.
3104	His IQ was above average, his working memory was normal and he could hold a conversation.
3105	His journey began on July 5, 2013.
3106	His last film as director was 2007's "Charlie Wilson's War."
3107	His lawyers are asking a U.S. military judge Monday, Aug. 4, 2014, to set a deadline for prosecutors to turn over the documents.
3108	His leg-spin is far from the finished article (last summer his 24 first-class wickets cost 38 runs apiece) but with England's original strategy in disarray his chance has come early.
3109	His luck would eventually change when scored got a job as a tour guide.
3110	His mantra has famously been "don't do stupid stuff," and this has largely been a good and rare thing, even if critics pounce on this as a sign of his being a wimp.
3111	His message was he was a good old boy from Arkansas who knew what it was like to grow up in a family that struggled.
3112	His name has been withheld pending notification of next of kin.
3113	His neighborhood was so dangerous that his five-year-old son and three-year-old daughter must play inside.
3114	His pedigree doesn't lead one to believe he can add more than two dimensions to any character or think beyond a formulaic screenplay.
3115	His plan drew an immediate backlash from Syrian media outlets considered mouthpieces for the government, which warned that the veteran diplomat was being "hasty" and overstepping his authority.
3116	His plan, which is still being negotiated with creditors and must ultimately win a judge's approval, proposes significant losses for creditors, ranging from pension funds to bondholders.
3117	His right hand wrapped in ice and limping noticeably, Becton could only watch from a distance another team celebrate its first-ever state title - something he proudly took part in a year ago for Dutch Fork.
3118	His sisters’ response was to call us “selfish” and state that caring for their mother does not suit their lifestyles since they are raising young families.
3119	"His sparkling career was cut short, sponsors dumped him, he was forced to sell his homes amid mounting legal bills, he was found guilty of culpable homicide and now he faces a maximum five years in jail."
3120	His subject in this article, Mitchell Byrd, began teaching at William & Mary in 1956 and has been active in wildlife recovery and restoration efforts ever since — he was called "a legend" more than 20 years ago, and his stature has only grown.
3121	His successor George W. Bush spearheaded the so-called PEPFAR program, which now supports anti-retroviral medication for 7.7 million people, in large part in sub-Saharan Africa.
3122	His team repeatedly proved him right.
3123	Historic Flyby: Comet to Zoom By Mars This Weekend By by Mike Wall, Senior Writer 19 hours ago An artist's concept depicts Comet Siding Spring (2013 A1) hurtling towards Mars.
3124	“History shows that most players play for multiple organizations, so obviously that’s in the back of your mind as a player,” he said.
3125	His total time of 2 minutes, 45.20 seconds was 0.34 better than Kostelic.
3126	His turn running Ba’athist Iraq was characterized by mistreatment of the Kurdish minority and suppression of discontent within the Shia majority.
3127	Hit it over the green, hit a poor chip and made bogey."
3128	Hodge emphasized Pimco's differences with Gross were not related to the firm's investment strategies.
3129	Hoerschelmann’s research showed that these programs—while never exactly rocket science—grew precipitously less intellectual and more populist in the early 1980s, in tune with the Reagan years.
3130	Hold at the top for 2-3 seconds, repeat movement.
3131	Holder, who announced his intention to resign in September, said Lynch has “earned the trust and respect of Justice Department employees at every level, in Washington and throughout the country.”
3132	Hollande, appealing to France's pride and belief in the country's potential, also announced that he was in favor of France applying to host the 2024 Olympic Games, and that the country was a candidate to host the 2025 World Expo.
3133	Holly Sheley testified that on the night of the killings, she and her then-husband drove around in a pickup truck whose cab was soaked in blood, a fact she realized only after they began driving.
3134	Holmes and Cruise, who were married for five years, have one daughter.
3135	Holmes' ultimate goal is to have one center within five miles of any American (or one mile for folks in big cities).
3136	Holy Saturday, which is the day before Easter, falls this year on April 19. The full text is available for subscribers & registered users.
3137	Home / Bilingual Pages Fri, Oct 03, 2014 - Page 2　 A: Hi, this is Albert from Cloud magazine.
3138	Home Cruise Buzz win a free cruise to the caribbean with the ban..
3139	Home Gravesend News Article Northfleet Technology College launches sixth-form performing arts academy in September Northfleet Technology College is launching a sixth-form performing arts academy in September.
3140	Homemade canapés were served as was Vin Doré sparkling wine with 24K gold dust.
3141	Home » Obituaries Obituaries for Feb. 26 Published: Thursday, February 27th, 2014 James Foran, 54, Bremerton, Wash.
3142	Home Sheerness News Article Police release CCTV after man, 23, left with broken jaw after attack by gang members in Sheerness High Street A man remains in hospital after he was left with a badly broken jaw in an attack following a night out.
3143	Home What's On News Article The X Factor winner from 2009, Joe McElderry, has announced a date at the Hazlitt Theatre in Maidstone The X Factor winner Joe McElderry has announced he will be performing at the Hazlitt Theatre in Maidstone next year.
3144	Honestly, this is just common sense.
3145	Hong Kong affiliates of the big four accounting firms -- Deloitte, Ernst & Young, PricewaterhouseCoopers and KPMG -- placed an advertisement in local newspapers last week, trumpeting their opposition to the movement.
3146	Honjo, 72, has received many awards and honors, including Japan’s Order of Culture last year, the Robert Koch Prize in 2012 and the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy in 1996.
3147	Honorees at the event were: Fatima Treuer, owner of the Pied Piper Pub and Inn and the Cathouse Lounge, was the recipient of the Woman of the Year Award.
3148	Hooking it onto the necessary parts is a task fiddly enough to quicken the pace of a heart surgeon, but from the instructions you'd expect it to be as simple as hanging a coat on a rack.
3149	Hopefully, I still know what is happening out there.'
3150	Hopefully they don't get more accidents from gawkers.
3151	“Hopefully, this can be the week we get that needed win.
3152	Hopelessly Devoted is at the Gulbenkian Theatre, Canterbury on Monday, November 17, at 7.30pm.
3153	Hoping to get more victories against the competition in 2014, Sacred Heart will be led by seniors Brad Borsay and Raymond Satagaj along with sophomore A.J. Logosh.
3154	Horton says she hopes finding the person responsible for her son's death will help her heal.
3155	Host LL Cool J was hanging with Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney.
3156	Hot at the start and typically cool at the end, Roethlisberger masterfully guided the Steelers to a 51-34 victory Sunday that provided Pittsburgh with the jolt of legitimacy it’s been searching for all season.
3157	Hotels know this, and will tickle your fancy by advertising a room rate that seems so low that it gets you to book the reservation.
3158	Houston sacked Patriots backup quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo then got up and bounced around.
3159	@Howard Bealeyou know, just because someone lives in the South doesn't mean they are white trash anymore than living here in Seattle automatically makes someone a hipster.
3160	"How are they going to feel?
3161	"How big is this bathroom?"
3162	How can you prevent this waste of money, coupled with embarrassment?
3163	How coffee could shape future space robots What do artificial whiskers and coffee-filled balloons have in common?
3164	How did it change your behavior or attitude?
3165	"How does the brain create a map of the space surrounding us and how can we navigate our way through a complex environment?"
3166	"How do I know the TRO would be appropriate and not harm others?
3167	How do you tell a story that’s basically a woman walking by herself, across a landscape that’s beautiful but often consistent, and convey the more important journey that’s going on inside her head?
3168	However, after I heard the first song, I couldn't help but fall in love with Matt Berninger, The National's lead singer.
3169	However, a lawyer representing the ministry said that the contract had an expiry date, which was Dec. 31, 1979.
3170	However, a protection order was issued against Jason.
3171	However, both main political parties together would still gather just over 50 percent of the vote, the poll showed, supporting the possibility of a grand coalition.
3172	"However, consumers should know that EPA took this action to protect children and the environment," it states.
3173	However, five states with a rate of 9.6 percent or lower got an "A."
3174	However, forecasts for ending the drought, long term and short, don't look so good.
3175	However, Glavine said there are questions that need to be answered around legal issues and requirements of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
3176	However, GMO enjoys a special place in the business of agriculture - especially in the United States.
3177	However, Google has a tradition of recruiting different manufacturers to build new Nexus devices.
3178	However, he is not regarded as a senior cleric and is unlikely to muster much support among the old guard.
3179	However, he said parents must also consider how crowded of a school environment they want for their children.
3180	However, he said those planning the courthouse realize that people are living in those houses.
3181	However, he says it is imperative that everyone realise that it cannot be business as usual.
3182	However, I do recall reading the labels on the various types of cannibis at shops in Amesterdam many years ago, and they specifically described the type of "high" the consumer would experience.
3183	However, if you choose to have firearms in your home, adhere to these rules for gun safety.
3184	“However, I have found myself betrayed and denigrated for being courageous enough to come forward with critical information.”
3185	However, in the three years since Andreessen's predictive analysis a reality has evolved that offers a more nuanced view of software and its impact.
3186	However, in the US market, Google is losing market share, eMarketer said.
3187	However, it does plan to hold the next round of trustee elections for the English Language School Board concurrently with either the next federal or provincial election.
3188	However, it is something I am familiar with.
3189	However, Johnson found she was at home pouring her soul out in a recording studio.
3190	However, much of that weakness reflected an unusually severe winter.
3191	However, on the bottom level, they required the help of a forklift first.
3192	However, other items caused discord among the group.
3193	However, she would like to see a female on both national tickets in 2016.
3194	However, societies are now demanding that companies do more, especially in ways that could benefit their communities.
3195	However, some of the pieces shared on stage speak to deeper issues such as coming to terms with one’s own sexual identity.
3196	However, some of the updates do require a restart, so you'll have to reboot your PC after they're installed.
3197	However, the Corcoran board struck a deal this year to merge the art college into George Washington University and give the bulk of 17,000 artworks to the National Gallery of Art.
3198	However, the deaths are the first confirmed from Ebola in West Africa and a suspected case reported in neighbouring Sierra Leone has raised fears the disease may spread into other nations with weak health systems.
3199	However, the most important thing is learning to strike a balance between production and market demand, Chung said.
3200	However, the only other acquisitions worth mentioning by Blue Jays general manager Alex Anthopoulos in the off-season was the signing of free-agent catcher Dioner Navarro and the claiming of outfielder Matt Tuiasosopo.
3201	However, the spraying of an incoming train from Donetsk with machine gun fire last week, and the fatal stabbing of a pro-Ukrainian in the center of the city, have jangled nerves.
3202	However, they argued that MMA fighters receive only a fraction of the earnings they could make in a competitive market and their paydays are far less than those of professional boxers.
3203	However, they have become critical to the so-called hub-and-spoke system that United, American and Delta use to connect passengers to flights at big “hub” airports.
3204	However, today the country ranks as the world's fourth largest economy, with one of the lowest unemployment rates, and one of the highest literacy rates in the world.
3205	However, total revenues jumped to $87.1-million in 2013, up from $79.3-million the year before, Europe Airpost bills it as a direct flight because passengers to Paris stay on the same plane during a 50 minute wait in Glasgow.
3206	However, under a sealed plea agreement Harroun eventually pleaded guilty to a law regulating munitions exports and was sentenced to time served.
3207	However, when police got to the scene, they found 39-year-old Amy Chittwood was still alive.
3208	How fast were they flying?
3209	How has this come about?
3210	How important is the propaganda for recruiting in Europe?
3211	How ISIS recruits young men August 11, 2014 -- Updated 1523 GMT (2323 HKT) ISIS gives young men "cars to drive, guns, cell phones and cash money."
3212	How is it the NFL can elect 5-6 people a year and MLB struggles to get one elected.
3213	"How lovely to see you in the flesh," Hamel said, as she embraced her sister at a hotel in Fullerton.
3214	How Many Fingers Is Rick Perry Holding Up?
3215	How many times have you resolved to really lose weight or get fit?
3216	How McConnell crushed the tea party Mitch McConnell mined decades of battle-hardened experience and carefully-tended relationships inside the GOP to win his primary.
3217	How much independence to give a child during the middle school years is another big challenge for parents, said Pickhardt.
3218	"How much is it going to cost to disagree, that's what we're talking about here.
3219	How to raise a winner May 30, 2014 -- Updated 1024 GMT (1824 HKT) CNN's Nina dos Santos speaks to the mothers of successful children and asks them: What's the secret of bringing up a winner?
3220	How to spin with the wedge Edoardo Molinari gives you tips on how to get more spin when using the wedge.
3221	How, When & Where Twisters Form Destructive U.S. Tornadoes of April 2014: Gallery Photos: The Tornado Damage Scale In Images Copyright 2014 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company.
3222	How would you react if you discovered your music was being used as an instrument of torture?
3223	HP has temporarily suspended its stock buyback program ahead of its Nov. 25 earnings because the company said it is in possession of material non-public information.
3224	HSA compatible plans require a high deductible.
3225	HSE Inspector Melvyn Stancliffe said: “This was a completely avoidable incident.
3226	Hublot suffers from OCD and has a highly ordered life, but he's finally forced out of his comfort zone when he rescues Robot Pet from the streets.
3227	Hudson Moore will open at 7 pm.
3228	Hudson's Bay is the exclusive retailer for the clothing, which is made in Toronto with ethically sourced cotton.
3229	Hughes' was a courage we speak of when we speak of great people, people of an imponderable depth of spirit.
3230	Hugh Neff was second to cross the finish line at 11:58 a.m. PT on Monday.
3231	Hulk Hogan dons thong in Miley spoof Hulk Hogan arm-wrestles Toronto mayor Hulk Hogan: The weatherman?
3232	Hults assured him there was a town there, even if there was no mall or even a downtown.
3233	Hulu, for instance, gives you the option of using your Facebook username and password instead of creating a separate one for the video site.
3234	Humane Society International works alongside scientists in a range of bioscience fields from across the globe.
3235	Human rights are broadly enshrined in the text, although some rights groups have expressed concern that the relevant provisions are often vague.
3236	Human rights groups say many of Kenya's minority Muslim community feel alienated by tactics that have included shutting down mosques where the authorities say militant ideas have been spread, and by the arrests of scores of young men.
3237	Humans on Mars by 2035? November 17, 2014 -- Updated 1324 GMT (2124 HKT) NASA's chief scientist Dr Ellen Stofan wants to land humans on Mars by 2035, but there are some serious challenges to overcome before then.
3238	Hundreds of countries globally, mark International Earth Day on April 22, to help raise ecological awareness and support environmental protection.
3239	Hundreds of men, young and old, queued up outside on the streets to receive rations, shielding their eyes from the grit.
3240	Hundreds were arrested.
3241	Hung Lap, wearing a yellow headband, charged at the group with a large banner that said: "Overthrow the Communist Party, the Chinese Communist Party is an evil cult."
3242	Hung said he still expects strong shipments in the second half of this year, reiterating his forecast that the full-year ODM shipments split would be 48:52 for the first half and the second half.
3243	Hunter Pence grounded a hard smash off the glove of shortstop Alcides Escobar and into left field leading off, making him 8 for 16 in the Series.
3244	Hurricanes Katrina (which killed at least 1,500 in 2005) and Audrey (more than 400 in 1957) were excluded from the study because they would have skewed the data.
3245	I accomplished exciting, healthy meals with minimal effort.
3246	I actually should mention that you've carried out a excellent job.
3247	“I ain’t even see it,” defensive end Willie Young said.
3248	I also know that IF that's the case, then we pay more for bi-lingual assistance in our classrooms in order to better educate those who are not english speaking students.
3249	I always liked the chance to cover breaking news, particularly the crime stories.
3250	"I always try to kind of put myself in the student's shoes," Cohen says, "and if I was putting down a deposit and I didn't see a recovery happening, to go to school for two years would be somewhat scary.
3251	I am extremely thankful for the compassion and encouragement of so many people over the past decade.
3252	“I am honored to join the Port of Seattle, an organization I’ve depended on, worked with and admired throughout my career,” Fick said in a statement.
3253	“I am hoping to broaden my industry knowledge and work experience overseas next year.”
3254	I am humbly living proof!
3255	"I am interested in winning," he said.
3256	I am not going to treat people differently because they have been here longer, or whatever, I think I am pretty consistent like that.”
3257	"I am so excited to be representing Team USA at my third Olympic games in Sochi," Cook told The Associated Press.
3258	"I am very disappointed in the way our team finished the 2013-14 season," Plattner said in a statement.
3259	Ian Driver has been selected as the Greens' prospective parliamentary candidate, Will Scobie for Labour and Russ Timpson for the Liberal Democrats.
3260	Ian Paisley, 1926 - 2014 Leaders respond to Paisley death Political and religious leaders react to the death of former Democratic Unionist Party leader and first minister Ian Paisley, as his family tell of their heartbreak.
3261	"I began to learn more about … the 'why,' behind their personal motivations," he says.
3262	I believe strongly that those of us in positions of authority have a duty to act upon allegations of this nature," Trudeau said.
3263	I believe that the United States can protect our national security without resorting to methods, like torture, that are contrary to our fundamental values.
3264	I believe that until we are able to seriously provide proper intervention to assist the growing number of students with their literacy and numeracy deficits, we will continue to falter.
3265	I bet they'd let her.
3266	I bet ya they were flying and in a hurry Push it over on its wheels & drive off in it.
3267	I bet you are also 100% invested in stocks – fool!
3268	I blamed our arguments on cultural differences and her inability to speak English very well.
3269	Ibrahim has a son, 18-month-old Martin, who was living with her in jail, where she gave birth to a second child last month.
3270	"I brought the network war and price war (to Japan).
3271	I called a toll-free number and was put on hold for twenty minutes!
3272	"I came across an ad for veterans housing on Craigslist," she said.
3273	"I came here just trying to get a new experience, trying to get a feel for how it feels to play on the real tour.
3274	I came in and listened and I went, "Is that the one I just did?
3275	"I can assure you that Bob Rae will not be the model for our government," he said.
3276	I can cope with it a bit better than some of those guys who are 60 kilos."
3277	"I can just confirm that yes, they were here in December."
3278	I cannot describe.
3279	"I cannot go out and look for the next Steve Williams.
3280	I can see outside with my outdoor camera.
3281	“I can’t in good conscience just let his death go,” she said.
3282	I can't thank you enough."
3283	Iceland's largest volcanic system, which cuts a 190-km-long and up to 25-km-wide swathe across the North Atlantic island, has been hit by thousands of earthquakes over the last two weeks and scientists have been on high alert in case of an eruption.
3284	“Ice racing is a different kind of animal.
3285	I come to her and ask 'Let's change our whole lifestyle and move to Baton Rouge.'
3286	"I could give you a hundred reasons why it's a bad choice, but it's the best choice of worse options."
3287	I could hear motorbikes.
3288	I could not think of a more difficult or controversial decision that he had made."
3289	I’d also like to believe that my heavy involvement in these schools helped pave the way for other kids to get a better public-school education, too.
3290	'I'd been saying always that this was the single biggest disappointment in my life that I didn't go to university, so go.
3291	“I definitely felt like I was capable of playing,’’ Wagner said.
3292	I definitely love how it is straightforward on my eyes and also the details are properly written.
3293	Identity is something that you pick, very often comes from a comparison to a polar opposite.
3294	"I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat-cat bankers on Wall Street," Obama said in a late 2009 interview with "60 Minutes.”
3295	I didn't continue to eat past full, which meant no probability of fat storage.
3296	I didn't have to take my shoes off to do scenes with him, which they made me do.
3297	I didn’t know one bit of this history the night I first stepped onto one of the deserted ramps.
3298	“I didn’t see why this accident and tragedy needed to ruin any more lives,” said Fitzgerald.
3299	"I didn't think it would be Lord Windermere, but you have to give credit it was a wonderful effort."
3300	I didn't vote so don't blame me.
3301	I’d like to think our membership in the Sun Belt has been loyal.
3302	"I do believe that the message from America is that people are ready for candidates who will tell people the truth."
3303	"I do hope that everyone inspired by the beautiful, airy summer colours of the Topshop Kiss Me Margate range will come and see for themselves the beautiful coast that fired the imagination of the designers."
3304	I do not welcome the fears, but I do appreciate how the shootings have renewed the debate about gun control in Washington.
3305	"I don't care what you do with it," he said.
3306	I don’t have an answer, but I’d certainly start by handing the ball to Matt Forte 25 times a game.
3307	I don't have any bitterness.
3308	I don’t have to worry about losing this work because, unlike a piece of paper, my digital notes live in perpetuity online.
3309	“I don’t know how people who don’t know about a resource like the IAC do it.”
3310	"I don't know," she said.
3311	I don’t know what justice is in this situation.
3312	I don't remember hearing it in a Jerry Seinfeld monologue.
3313	“I don't say ever forget because it does cross your mind, but try not to dwell on it,” said Campbell.
3314	I don't share that opinion," says Prouty.
3315	"I don't think he meant to kill Eric Garner," Campbell says.
3316	I don’t think our mindset has to change or shift gears.
3317	I don't think Renton is so large that they won't find this car.
3318	I don't understand this guy.
3319	I don't understand wtf is happening anymore.
3320	I don’t want them to go away, and I want them to talk about the human condition.
3321	I don’t want to feel as if I can’t win.
3322	I don’t watch a lot of movies so I’d never heard of Joe before.
3323	I don't worry about stray bullets or clean water or watching out for my younger siblings on the streets.
3324	I drive short trips around the city, and really long trips on the road.
3325	I'd say he is full of sh**t.
3326	I explained to her that I was the one at SGN to write the bulk of the DADT copy because I am a 10-year Navy veteran.
3327	If all goes as planned, the panda will guess the winning soccer team by either picking food with the country's team on it or by climbing one of two trees, both of which bear flags for opposing teams.
3328	If a man did this he would probably have a sexual assault charge as well.
3329	If any of the many student-athletes who will never make it to the pros took advantage of the education, this issue would be less of a problem.
3330	"If anyone has a suggestion on improving the library, please let me know," she said.
3331	If anyone on the thread sends a new reply, the conversation will return to your inbox until you respond again, or until you archive it manually.
3332	If anyone would know, it's the player formerly known as Ron Artest.
3333	If approved, logging in the Stanislaus National Forest could yield more lumber than the combined annual output of all the national forests in the state.
3334	If at all, it is a competitor for BMW's smaller, sportier models.
3335	If “being a child again” can be a dream, it can also be a nightmare.
3336	If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man.
3337	If carmakers don't find enough buyers who want spruced-up compacts, the U.S. auto companies will be duking it out on price with their better positioned rivals.
3338	If December is at least 0.76 degrees warmer than the 20th century average, then 2014 will set the global record.
3339	If depression comes into play, get treatment and do what it takes to get to a happy place."
3340	“I fear that HTC’s justification in all of this is that everyone else is doing it so why opt out.
3341	I feel our revolution has been confiscated and our dreams stolen Jabeur received a seven and a half year jail sentence for expressing his views on Facebook.
3342	I feel sick to my stomach.
3343	“I feel that astrology has confirmed my thoughts on why I act the way I act, and the same reason for others.
3344	"I feel the best I've felt all year for the last probably two months.
3345	I feel the same way about friends.
3346	If elected, Cope has pledged to serve no more than two terms in Congress.
3347	I "fell" into advertising as my then boyfriend had a career in it and it felt "safe."
3348	If fame and money aren't all they're cracked up to be, what should be the goal for entertainers and artists?
3349	If found guilty, PLEASE prosecute him to the fullest extent of the law!
3350	"If Glass takes off or holographic watches, whatever it is, our platform integrates into that."
3351	If Google's response doesn't satisfy the commission, the "logical next step is to prepare a Statement of Objections," Almunia said, referring to formal charges.
3352	If guests decide their stay is barely worth a dollar -- or euro, this being Paris -- then it could it could also wind up being an embarrassing financial disaster.
3353	If he allows their defeat, he risks losing face before the "hawks" at home and the Russian people who largely applauded Moscow's annexation of Crimea in March.
3354	If he decided to stay there or move to another country also without an extradition treaty with the U.S., he conceivably could live out his life without prosecution.
3355	If he gets onboard, he says he will "lace everywhere with poison" to kill rats that reportedly have been eating each other onboard, Newsy says.
3356	If he had been listening.
3357	"If he just runs downhill — as big and as strong as his is — he's a force," Frost said.
3358	If he keeps on winning and finishes the contract he would be 49-0, the same record as the legendary Rocky Marciano.
3359	If homeowners didn't have fire insurance it was their decision.
3360	If, however, the president determines that U.S. troops should remain in Afghanistan, then he should make that case to the American people and to Congress.
3361	“If I can catch it, I will try and catch it.
3362	If I can’t afford electricity and water in my home, I’m not going to go out and get a Maserati on lease hire, nor order a take-away, nor go out to eat, nor waste time thinking about paying for a subscription based game.
3363	If I could pass a lesson on to the kids it would be this: Don’t attack anybody.
3364	If I could roll back time and do things differently, I would."
3365	"If I do another road movie, it's going to be in a small car."
3366	If I don't, hopefully somebody signs me.
3367	If I had a home in that area, I would have my own fire equipment (large water pump, hoses, reservoir) and I would also make sure that flammable vegetation is far away.
3368	If I had the financial means to relocate and denounce my embarrassing citizenship, I would go.
3369	If I lived on an island I would expect to pay the fair share of ferry rides.
3370	If I’m in the mood for something sweet, I’ll use that same combination — fresh strawberries and balsamic glaze — over vanilla ice cream.
3371	"If I tell my children what I have done, I am not as proud as I would like to be."
3372	If it goes through, Mrdjenovich will have to provide more documentation in order to get a building permit.
3373	“If it hadn’t been for coach Sitton, we probably wouldn’t be here right now,” noted Staples.
3374	If it's anything like my 16 year old kitty,any drastic change and if I wasn't around,I don't know if he would even eat,Regardless what people say,these animals get very attached to their owners.
3375	If it's the case it's disgusting.
3376	If Ma lost the election, former Chinese president Hu Jintao’s (胡錦濤) legacy would have been jeopardized and “heads of Taiwan affairs officials would have rolled.”
3377	If members of the parliament have serious objections against any future commissioner, they can only reject the entire Commission.
3378	"If my brother -- or any of my siblings -- needed blood, then it will be my blood.
3379	If Oracle had stopped issuing working Java 7 security updates for Windows XP, it would have forced users of the OS to run outdated and vulnerable versions of the software, but according to Stahl, that won't happen.
3380	“I for one am under no illusions how difficult the task ahead is going to be, and the players will, as well, too, and they do know already.”
3381	If people are interested, he said, the Saskatchewan Party might campaign on the idea in the next provincial election, which is expected in April 2016.
3382	If Pistorius is convicted, he could potentially appeal to the supreme court and even eventually to South Africa's constitutional court.
3383	If Republicans want the tax credits extended permanently--so goes the White House thinking--they can put a bill together in the next Congress, pass it in the House and see if they can move it through a potential 60-vote filibuster gauntlet.
3384	If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. No more cookies after dinner?
3385	If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. "Palestinians" and lies.
3386	If selected for publication, it will appear as soon as possible on Haaretz.com. Surely you know the difference between a religion and learning a culture?
3387	If she had not become a lawyer or a senator but instead spent her days driving carpool?
3388	If Taiwan is already an independent country, then why is there not a country named Taiwan or the Republic of Taiwan?
3389	"If that burner goes full on and we really do see some of these predictions of 10,000 cases a week, I think that many people, including me, would start to argue to hell with this..
3390	If the bill does become law, Sater said he expects to see an immediate impact.
3391	If the consequence is further government action to stimulate the economy in the run up to the election, to produce a 'feel good' factor, the twin national and government deficits are all too likely to be correspondingly larger once the election is over.
3392	If the Cubs win a World Series under the Ricketts' regime, none of this will matter.
3393	“If the Department of Environmental Quality hears from two neighbors who live within two miles of the proposal, they will have a public hearing, and I believe they will probably hear from maybe 100 people,” Swan said.
3394	If the direct plans perform better, then it's a no brainer: Better performance and lower fees means more money for college.
3395	If the evidence and its undisturbed location are not documented in this painstaking way, then criminal or civil complaints against the officer may not stand up in court.
3396	If the Fed doesn't act sooner, Plosser worries the Fed "may lose control in financial markets" and find itself having to raise rates faster and higher than otherwise hoped.
3397	If the ground crew can safely clear the runways, the next step in deciding whether a plane can land safely is determined in the air traffic control tower.
3398	"If the night catches me, I won't pump gas in the city," she said.
3399	If the owner had their dogs on a leash then no one could have felt threatened.
3400	"If the price of energy is lowered on purpose, this also hits those who introduce those limits," Putin said, adding that major producers such as the United States and Saudi Arabia could be in cahoots to lower prices and harm the Russian economy.
3401	If the primary had been held then, the poll found that just 7 percent of likely voters would cast their ballot for Maldonado in the state's new top-two primary.
3402	"If the quality of spoken English is not very good, it could be a decision changer," he says.
3403	If there are any faults they are identified at that stage and immediately removed.”
3404	If there is a parallel it is, as I reported Friday, his role most resembles Jeff Zients' on the Obamacare website.
3405	If the Republicans were smart, they would co-opt the issue of legalized weed and make it their own.
3406	If these companies have to pay market interest rates on their loans, it will cost them tens of billions of dollars in profits over the next decade.
3407	If they are tied after today, the teams will play game No. 163 at Detroit tomorrow to determine the division winner.
3408	"If they cut the part referring to dance out of the law then at the very least they won't stop people dancing any more.
3409	"If they do it as a genuine scientific program they won't be able to kill very many whales and it wouldn't be worthwhile for them to go down there (to the Antarctic)," he said.
3410	If they don’t improve in that regard, they’ll go home.
3411	"If they had been missed in previous reports, now they're here.
3412	"If they had detonated, they would have caused massive destruction," Kitur said, adding police also found mobile phones which could have been used as detonators.
3413	If they let Lynch go before he’s totally done, Im going to be sick.
3414	If they ran an ad on another station it wouldn't seem objective.
3415	If they want to send in the jackboots, call up the TV stations!
3416	If up to you, you would let them die so you get your lumber on time?
3417	If Walker wins in November, he's considered a possible contender for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination.
3418	"If we are to get through this recession it will be the smaller companies that really drive us through," he says.
3419	If we don't get it, then all hell breaks loose."
3420	If we're overfishing, not only are we taking sharks themselves, but we're taking the food of the sharks."
3421	If we show that we care about this then it becomes an issue, and then the government will have to listen and take a stand."
3422	If Woods plays well at the National, he is expected to play in the British Open, which starts July 17 at Royal Liverpool, where he won the 2006 British Open.
3423	If you are concerned about falling stocks hurting you, consider the Wasatch Long/Short Mutual Fund, which can plug right into most IRAs.
3424	If you are interested in learning and have a laptop, the Khan Academy is ready to teach you for free!
3425	If you believed anything else, you were not Christian."
3426	If you check mainland social media platforms like Sina Weibo, you will find Wong has been labeled a traitor, American spy, gangster, or worse.
3427	If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Offaly Independent website.
3428	If you don't answer my questions, I get irritated," Posner responded.
3429	"If you don't know the route, it's hard to finalize a plan," he said.
3430	If you don't play golf at all, you can even just purchase tickets for the concert.
3431	"If you go out in public with intent on intimidating others, expect people to push back.
3432	If you hadn't created The Americans and I came to you as an expert source and said, "How realistic is this show?
3433	If you happen to lose urine every time you sneeze, or if you suddenly have an uncontrollable urge "to go" when you turn the faucet on to wash the dishes, consider talking to your doctor about your symptoms.
3434	If you have any information about his whereabouts, you're asked to call West Virginia State Police.
3435	If you have something intelligent to bring up that you have issue with regarding the president's polices, then do so with some clear facts, points and argument.
3436	"If you have the sector going up quickly, then you’re going to still do well, if not, you’re going to have more time with the March 15 expiry,” Cassot said.
3437	If you leave behind even one burning ember, one case undetected, it could reignite the epidemic," Dr. Thomas Frieden, the director of the CDC, told reporters at a press conference earlier this summer.
3438	"If you live in New Zealand, you are being watched," said Snowden.
3439	If you look at the college.
3440	If you miss the first start time, however, you can get on the course at 10:30 a.m. or 1 p.m., with lunch being served at noon.
3441	If you or someone you know has a child in a wheel chair and would like to participate, please call Brad @ 440-1863.
3442	If your argument is that just having a picture of a nude child is possession of child porn, then EVERYONE with such a picture is as guilty as Powell.
3443	"If you’re a hunter or angler, you should care about this issue.
3444	If you're craving a hot beverage before bed, opt for a naturally caffeine-free cup of herbal tea.
3445	If you're going to win all the big games all the time you're going to need all your best players, and he's certainly in that category."
3446	If you’re hiding guys then you’re probably playing Cover 2 and you’re predictable and you’re probably getting gashed anyway.”
3447	If you're interested in advertising on Gothamist or any other site in our network, check out our online mediakit.
3448	"If you skip Iowa, it's an admission that your candidacy has a structural deficiency," Madden said.
3449	If you spend your savings on a down payment for a home, that money is no longer earning money for you.
3450	If you've been laid off recently and are looking to gain some new skills, short-term retraining programs at community colleges may be a more sensible option than going back to graduate school full-time, says FinAid's Kantrowitz.
3451	If you’ve ended up in jobs that weren’t quite right for you in the past, there were probably signs you overlooked during the hiring process.
3452	If you've not been ripped off twice you're not a proper rock 'n' roll band.
3453	If you visit, you have to leave your car on the mainland and explore the islands in a horse-drawn tram, on foot or by bicycle.
3454	If you want bliss, try forgetfulness for a few days or at least until your sweetie comes home and sees the mess.
3455	"If you want to move up, they told me, you have to join the party," he says.
3456	If you want to protest, they should protest black-on-black crime."
3457	If you want to remotely control your camera, this is certainly a product to consider.
3458	I get a away with a lot of bad things and I like that.
3459	I get it, they have simplified it down to me, and I get it".
3460	I get really, really upset when I don’t win.
3461	"I get to play the president of the United States!"
3462	I get why some voters continue to see him as their man, despite all the billions of reasons not to.
3463	I grew up in Richland by Hanford high.
3464	I grew up working at my family's orchard and fruit stand in Kettle Falls, a small town in Eastern Washington, getting up before dawn with my brother to pick apples.
3465	"I guess that's a spoiler," says DeBlois.
3466	I guess Trudeau is too much of a coward to think about doing something that is absolutely necessary, even if it’s unpopular.
3467	I guess whatever they are feeding you as far as media bullschwacky isn't also good for them.
3468	I had a different view of him, obviously, or we wouldn't have taken him in the first round."
3469	“I had lost the children and I was screaming for them, and then I saw the body of my brother lying on the ground with other dead bodies.”
3470	I had never appreciated until recently how much this country and its economy depends on government spending.
3471	"I had no idea that we were preserving the evidence," says Wilson, 56. Because Brandt's book would soon identify his house anyway, Wilson allowed Fox News to bring in a forensic team.
3472	I had to learn off the hoof.
3473	"I had to work on my own style and on things by myself," Khan said.
3474	"I have a feeling this number will be a lot closer to general election numbers because it's not a normal byelection.
3475	I have a particular focus on government policies that strive to redistribute income or wealth either openly or in indirect ways.
3476	I have begged the Chinese woman to return it.
3477	I have failed repeatedly in my personal life, my professional career and definitely in my political perspectives.
3478	"I have known Jerome Champagne well for many years and appreciate him and his work," Niersbach said.
3479	"I have lived in a tent in the woods since May," villager Besim Tutnjic told the Reuters news agency.
3480	I have lived in this area my entire life, save a few years.
3481	I have no recollection of this happening later on.
3482	I have no regrets about the circuitous route I took in finding a job that I love."
3483	"I have nowhere else to go," said Mugenzi.
3484	"I haven't played a lot of tennis.
3485	I haven't worked on a sequel, but I've thought about it.
3486	I have seen people take harder hits at Dodge Cars at Oaks Park.
3487	"I have the right to tell people if I am about to leave a parking spot, and they have the right to pay me for such information," Dobrowolny said.
3488	I have to move on to my next event.
3489	I have to pass it on to customers.
3490	I honestly thought that maybe the guy who runs TTAC must have been a former and badly treated employee of GM because his constant harping against them was so vehement.
3491	"I hope the new book will raise greater awareness of the Lean In movement among Asian-American students across U.S. campuses," says Mark Feng, who leads a circle of second-year Asian-American MBA students at Harvard Business School.
3492	I hope this insight may help you if you suffer from rheumatoid arthritis or another inflammatory disease.
3493	I hope those jackals had a delightful time being seen by nobody who cares and congratulating themselves for whatever non-existent value they find in themselves.
3494	“I hope to make a half-smoke very good.
3495	I interrogated friends and families of prospects.
3496	"I just had a good feeling about it.
3497	I just knew we scored.”
3498	"I just think the all-star break did him wonders," said Gibbons.
3499	"I just want everybody to be happy, and I want to sleep in. That's what I want for Christmas.
3500	I knew from the get-go that Sigi was that guy.”
3501	"I knew if I was going to get it, I had to go right away," Hamilton said.
3502	I knew in the final 100 meters he couldn't beat me."
3503	“I know a lot of great players who’ve played a long time and never made it to the playoffs.’
3504	I know it sounds like a cliche," he said, "But I did what I had to do."
3505	"I know that the Holy Father is anticipating the visit of President Obama here..
3506	I know the movie is perfect, but Coen brothers fans shouldn't steer clear of this one for fear of ruining a good thing.
3507	I know there are groups that get caught up in that & lose sight of the whole counsel of God & what the NT says about how we are to interact w others both inside & outside the church.
3508	"I know what is alleged to have happened and what he is alleged to have said.
3509	I later asked Ozzie Guillen, a successful Chicago White Sox shortstop and manager, what he thought of Jeter.
3510	I lift weights and run 52 miles a week.
3511	"I like light, color, luminosity.
3512	I like my girls chubby!"
3513	I like walking into Albertson・s and knowing most of the people.
3514	I live a very active life..
3515	I'll admit that I've livened up many a dull train commute with rounds of Flight Control on my iPod touch.
3516	Illustration by Jandos Rothstein pigskins, washington football team Email (Required - Will not be published) Comments Shown.
3517	“I looked for it, I remember looking for it.
3518	“I look for them to place a little higher than they did last year.”
3519	I love coming here.
3520	“I love having the excuse to not have to share stuff.
3521	"I love it, love it, especially when he plays well."
3522	"I love spiraling in — nothing like that to make your colon go, 'Fire in the hole!'
3523	"I love the fact that so many toys are made in China and Taiwan.
3524	I love the moments.”
3525	“I love the robotics that we did last week.
3526	I love the system.
3527	Imagine all the ways your senses engage with this place.
3528	Imagine a Mack truck coming out of a movie."
3529	Imagine if Veronica Mars was a washed-up, middle-age, alcoholic dude detective instead of a overachieving female high-schooler and you get the gist of this critically-acclaimed cult FX series.
3530	Imagine that within that society, in which one in four women will experience domestic violence, half of 16-18 year olds wouldn't know where to go to get support if it happened.
3531	Imagine the Fed tweeting the taper Can you imagine the Federal Reserve tweeting the taper?
3532	I'm attempting to balance between the idiot texting on one side of me and you on the other.
3533	“I’m constantly trying to recruit African-Americans and other minorities,” Jackson has said.
3534	"I'm convinced that it is natural that all senators should vote in favor, as has always happened."
3535	'I'm crying, they are happy tears, but I am also so full of thanks,' GSBA scholar, Alejandra Silva Hernandez said.
3536	I mean, back in the day, we were sent to the coach's office for a wooden paddle session, if we showed disrespect towards a school staff member.
3537	"I mean bloody hell, what am I going to do?"
3538	Imed Daimi, head of President Moncef Marzouki's Congress for the Republic party, stressed the economic problems facing Tunisia, after three years of turbulence, and used Friday's ceremony to call on the help of the country's allies.
3539	I met him one afternoon right when I was ready to leave for the day so it was a brief conversation.
3540	I met so many people who didn't have courage - they would tell me to speak in a low voice inside their homes so that the neighbours couldn't hear us talking about HIV.
3541	I'm feeling great."
3542	"I'm Feeling Myself," which comes off King Kujo's "Da Name Speaks For Itzelf," is set for release on May 27, 2014.
3543	“I’m geeky, I love playing with gadgets,” says tech reviewer Molly Wood, who formerly worked for CNET.
3544	I'm glad I replenished my makeup!
3545	"I'm going to be honest, I don't remember exactly what I said.
3546	“I’m going to increase prices and work hard to provide the best service possible so that I don’t lose sales,” he said, noting that his nonfranchise competitors will have four more years to phase in the increase.
3547	“I’m going to miss a lot of these people,” says Derek Emmons, who generally prefers to be called Polar Man. At age 14, Emmons says he saw a kid getting beaten up.
3548	"I'm happy to get out of that one with a win, but we definitely have to sharpen up.
3549	I'm hitting it sharper than previously and I’ve got my confidence back.
3550	I'm in the audience wringing my hands together.
3551	I'm in the process of publishing a Create Space 'print on demand' paperback book version of the latter, and am just awaiting confirmation that what I have sent them is okay.
3552	“I’m just afraid,” said Saavedra.
3553	“I’m just guessing that they’ve got a new toy and they were figuring out how to use it.”
3554	"I'm just in constant gratitude of life.
3555	"I'm kinda grateful that people are finally starting to realize that it's not that bad of a substance, it's recreational, it's perfectly subjective, if you want to do it, go ahead and do it," Umbrich says.
3556	I'm kind of numb," Long told the newspaper.
3557	Immediately afterwards, Washington entered the lobby and requested a room.
3558	Immigration reform, despite passing the Senate last year and being named one of President Barack Obama's top priorities for his second term, has seen very little movement in the House of Representatives.
3559	I'm not a Manning or Brees fan, but it seems pretty obvious that Manning should have the record.
3560	I’m not going that far.
3561	"I'm not going to let a fire ruin my weekend," she said Sunday while standing about 30 feet from the charred hillside near where the fire first started.
3562	I'm not sure if the Republicans will sit down or stay standing, but that's all true 3) Our whole approach to governance has to change.
3563	I'm not sure it would be the best idea, because effectively you'd be making people do something that they otherwise didn't want to do.
3564	"I'm not to that point yet," Mickelson, 44, told reporters on Tuesday when asked if he would bank on getting one of U.S. captain Watson's three wildcard picks for the Ryder Cup.
3565	Impact president Joey Saputo confirmed Thursday that he is part of a group of investors whose offer to buy the 105-year-old Italian club was accepted by the team's board of directors.
3566	I'm paying for the wedding myself, how can I tell my parents I don't want to invite certain people?
3567	Imperial Black IPA’s aren’t exactly common, so don’t wait on trying this one.
3568	"I'm petrified for my other animals, but also my children.
3569	I’m pretty sure that letter probably helped them take the next step or whatever they have to do.”
3570	I’m still waiting for my processor to get her weed back from the lab,” she told him.
3571	I'm sure he hired her because she was the best person for the job."
3572	I'm sure there aren't any drunk toddlers going to the ER ever.
3573	I'm sure they were watched.
3574	I’m surprised more people aren’t upset at the blatant boondoggle this game is.
3575	“I’m thankful and excited for the opportunity,’’ said Boggs, who turned 30 Saturday on the first day of camp for pitchers and catchers.
3576	“I’m very, very excited and still kind of shocked,” Tang said immediately after her team’s win was announced Friday at the Washington State Convention Center.
3577	In 1906, U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt became the first American to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
3578	In 1937, Britten, then 24, met the young tenor Peter Pears, who became Britten’s lifelong partner.
3579	In 1939 Lammel's parents sent her and her sister to England, where the girls were adopted by a local family, as part of the "Kindertransport" initiative to save the Jewish children of central Europe.
3580	In 1959, the U.S. Army launched Able, a rhesus monkey, and Baker, a squirrel monkey, aboard a Jupiter missile for a suborbital flight which both primates survived.
3581	In 1986 he joined the Washington, D.C. staff of then Congressman Dick Cheney as press secretary and a legislative assistant.
3582	In 1987, Chiang Ching-kuo, head of the government and son of Generalissimo Chiang, announced the end of martial law and lifted the ban on political opposition.
3583	In 1988, Allen closed the deal, buying Portland’s beloved team for about $65 million.
3584	In 1989, the world reacted, imposing a ban on the international trade in ivory passed by the U.N. Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species.
3585	In 1992, Eurodance hits like Captain Hollywood Project’s “More and More” were all over the radio and Nine Inch Nails’ “Wish” was all over MTV.
3586	In 1995, South Korean runners were allowed to participate in a road race in the North, but that was a one-off, Koreans only event.
3587	In 1997, for her 75th birthday, Rachel and a dozen family members climbed to 10,000 feet on Mount Kilimanjaro in Africa.
3588	"In 2002, did I know how to engineer from scratch a Layer 3 network that was resilient to all the evil actors on the Internet?
3589	In 2006, Sen. Barack Obama's appearance drew a packed crowd, a sign of his rising popularity.
3590	"In 2006, we recorded 78 shots fired, and in 2013 we had two."
3591	In 2007, computer chip maker Intel was forced to retract an ad that many considered racist.
3592	In 2007, he filed a lawsuit in Mecklenburg County Superior Court alleging civil rights violations, false arrest, false imprisonment and other improper actions by four Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officers related to ABC permits for clubs he operated.
3593	In 2008, NASA's Phoenix lander sent pictures to Earth that seem to show droplets on Mars' surface and on the lander's legs.
3594	In 2009, Mr. Obama ordered the closing of the CIA's secret overseas prisons known as "black sites," and he ended so-called "extraordinary renditions" of terrorism suspects to certain third-party countries (i.
3595	In 2009 the world's largest toy maker, US firm Mattel, set its sights firmly on the Chinese market, opening a flagship store in Shanghai.
3596	In 2010, he appeared in digital form with British pop singer Cheryl Cole, and later appeared live accompanied by holographic bandmates at France's NRJ Awards.
3597	In 2010, Remington issued a statement saying its Model 700 had been "free of defect" since it was first produced.
3598	In 2010 they took part a 54-hour start-up competition, Start-up Weekend, where they met their CTO and formed a team, and the following year, won another start-up contest, OMExpo Investor Investor Day, and a €25,000 prize.
3599	In 2011 Hamid Karzai's brother, Ahmad Wali Karzai, was murdered in his home in Kandahar in an attack claimed by the Taliban.
3600	In 2011, the U.N. declared a famine in the southern Somalia regions of Bakool and Lower Shabelle, and Al-Shabaab reversed an earlier pledge to allow aid agencies to provide food in famine-stricken areas.
3601	In 2012, close to 1,000 Christians died because of their faith in Nigeria, according to reports, and Boka Haram is responsible for the deaths of at least 700 Christians in 2013.
3602	In 2012, prosecutors impounded more than 1,200 pieces by artists including Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse that Gurlitt had hoarded in his apartment.
3603	In 2012 she posted her YouTube video saying an International Castration Day is the only logical solution for the violence and inequality in the world.
3604	In 2012, the number of fatalities was 260, the lowest the nation had recorded in more than 20 years.
3605	In 2013-2014, it saw 242 workplace complaints from migrant workers, just a few less than its yearly average of 245. Wages and overtime issues topped the list.
3606	In 2013 Flajnik denied rumors that he was dating recently separated reality show star (and Kardashian clan matriarch) Kris Jenner.
3607	In 2013, he told Fresh Dialogues he had spoken with the Secretary of Transportation two years earlier about changing FMVSS 111 to no avail.
3608	In 2013, I became a Senior Fellow at FasterCures (a center of the Milken Institute).
3609	In a case that rocked the world of big-time college sports, Sandusky was found guilty of sexually abusing 10 boys over 15 years, using his position in the prestigious football program to gain access to youth.
3610	In a cyber twist, San Antonio authorities are using the same platform as the speeding motorcyclist.
3611	In addition, he points out, a legislative fix is only half the point of Vision Zero.
3612	In addition, he said, the code states that all contacts with the news media should be authorised by the appointing minister.
3613	In addition, Perfect World has also expanded in the area of education: in 2014 alone, the company signed strategic letters of intent to engage in collaborative projects with multiple prestigious universities around the world.
3614	In addition, the current Electronic Access Control systems market dynamics including the drivers, restraints, opportunities and recent developments have been captured throughout the report.
3615	In addition to her parents and husband she was preceded in death by a daughter, Donna Felton; a son, Jerry Robins; three sisters, Wilma, Phyllis and Patricia; a brother, Larry, and two grandsons, Kylin Robins and Johnny Lee Byrd.
3616	In addition to his immediate family, Herb is also survived by and blessed to be a part of the family of Roberta and John Masterson, a family that has added so much to Herb's life; and a special friend, Julio Tapia, also survives.
3617	In addition to making sex education compulsory for all schools, it has also been suggested that some form of sex and relationship education should be taught to children from the age of seven.
3618	In addition to providing our students with a world-class education, our children and families deserve world-class recreation and community spaces too.
3619	In addition to putting 10 percent of our money into savings, we also need to start planning for tuition payments.
3620	In addition to school venues, the maps appear at museums, festivals, fairs and corporate and educational conferences.
3621	In addition to the deaths, eleven people were injured, three seriously.
3622	In addition to those jobs, I interned at WAKR in Akron, Ohio, for free and attended night classes to finish my degree.
3623	In addition to those who fought in Normandy, Obama praised the massive machinery that bolstered the D-Day invasion -- some 5,000 ships and landing craft, about 11,000 planes and 30,000 vehicles, the largest armada in history.
3624	In addition, we note that the law does not take a positive view of activities which represent unwarranted restraint of trade.
3625	In a Dec. 12 court filing, city lawyers said the standards “serve an important governmental purpose and are a proper exercise of the city’s police power.”
3626	In a game that ended 48-39 in favor of No. 22 Ohio State, it felt more like forever.
3627	In almost every spot imaginable at last week's Game Developers Conference, there were indie game makers touting their latest creations in the hope of becoming the next "Minecraft" or "Gone Home."
3628	"In a lot of the cases, the students were walking and texting when they were attacked and their phones stolen from them.
3629	In Amarat, Abdulmajid Hamed said he had been waiting for three hours to buy petrol, after a fruitless four hours on Monday.
3630	In an appeals court filing Friday, the Justice Department said that if last week's ruling is ultimately sustained, the decision will impose a severe hardship on millions of people who are receiving tax credits through federally facilitated exchanges.
3631	In a news release Thursday, the ACLU of Washington announced it will back three state-licensed marijuana business owners who have moved to intervene in the legal challenge against Fife.
3632	In an interview with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour at a sold-out public event, she also said on Oct. 11 last year that winning the Nobel Peace Prize would be a “great honor.”
3633	In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Dimon said he was feeling "fine" after about eight weeks of chemotherapy and radiation.
3634	In an interview with Yahoo News, Foley's brother, Michael, said that "more could have been done directly on Jim's behalf."
3635	In another concern for the Fed, some investors are borrowing dollars cheaply and then exchanging them for the currencies of countries like Australia and Norway, where interest rates are higher.
3636	In any case, Brandon Hall stood tall to save.
3637	In a paper, Ferrara and other researchers describe how LogAnalysis processed call records for a group convicted of several robberies, drug trafficking and extortion.
3638	In a pinch, you can create, edit, and deliver an entire presentation using only an iPhone.
3639	In a press release, the EU observer mission stated that the voting was conducted in a orderly manner despite organizational short-comings.
3640	In April 2014, the magazine called Bey one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
3641	In April, Winxnet acquired InfoSecurus, a Portland-based information security firm, for an undisclosed price.
3642	In a related problem, specialists were also concerned general practitioners were falsely using their names to approve licences for patients.
3643	In a relatively collegial hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, executives of retailers Target and Neiman Marcus said hackers had found ways to penetrate their best security practices.
3644	In Arizona, local governments can't increase property tax rates by more than 2%, an amount that doesn't cover inflation some years, sticking future elected leaders with whatever financing levels their predecessors deemed appropriate.
3645	In Arviat, pop. 2415, 509 people voted for the community to remain dry, as it has been for almost 40 years, while 226 voted to get rid of the ban.
3646	In a second push in August, they dealt Iraq's Kurdish peshmerga forces a string of military defeats and attacked various minority groups, demolished heritage sites and displaced hundreds of thousands of people.
3647	In a separate inquiry, CHP politician Umut Oran asked Prime Minister Erdogan whether his son Bilal acted as mediator in the real estate deal in Etiler.
3648	In a small bowl, combine the sugar, the salt, cinnamon, chili powder and the cayenne pepper.
3649	In a statement, Shannon Hodge, executive director of Options Public Charter School, said she is "deeply concerned about what happened."
3650	In a symbolic local referendum, 98.5 percent of the around 70,000 Gagauz who participated said no to better EU trade relations, instead favoring inclusion in Putin's free trade union.
3651	In August, before the accounting irregularities came to light, Tesco had already cut its profit forecast for the year to £2.4bn from £2.8bn.
3652	In August last year, there were just 238 searches containing those terms.
3653	“"In Australia, in America, the reasons for coming to Jihad – the reasons are plenty,” one of the men says in the video.
3654	In a video taken by ESAT TV that captured the incident, the man, wearing a dark suit and holding a silver handgun, is seen pointing the weapon at others who try and reason with him during the confrontation, which occurred during a protest at the embassy.
3655	In a week dominated by celebrity children, it was the turn of Sean Penn's daughter, Dylan, who made her acting debut in a fashion movie.
3656	In Baltimore, near the city’s waterfront, Little Italy is dwindling in size as old, Italian-family restaurants shutter — at least seven in recent years.
3657	In both incidents, a call was received at about 12:45 p.m. at a dean's office in Wheatley Hall, the target of the threats, claiming an imminent danger of an explosion in the building, police said.
3658	In Brandon, the temperature was the same, but came with a wind chill of –51.
3659	In Cambridge Bay, Mayor Jeannie Ehaloak says Harper will have his photo taken at the site of the Canadian High Arctic Research Station.
3660	In casting their votes for Eighth District representative, New Madrid County voters favored the Republican incumbent, Jason Smith, as did the rest of the Eighth District.
3661	In China, many Western brands have chosen a Mandarin-language name that will convey relevant qualities to consumers, like Coca-Cola, whose Chinese brand name — Kekoukele — translates as Tasty Fun.
3662	Incident comes on heels of Domo shooting in Osborne Village The rampage in Osborne Village comes just hours after police shot a robbery suspect at a Domo Gas Bar at the corner of Donald Street and Wardlaw Avenue Thursday.
3663	Included in the outline is a mandate that strong loan underwriting standards be built into the new system.
3664	In contrast, the Air Line Pilots Association International (ALPA) insists there is no shortage of qualified pilots, only a shortage of pilots willing to work at entry-level wages.
3665	Increasingly, companies are replacing the gray language of their proxy statements with attractive graphics and clear writing that make compensation information more accessible to outsiders.
3666	In Crisp, a 6-1, 180-pound combo guard, the Huskies landed a high-flying, sharp-shooter who is arguably the most athletic prospect in the class.
3667	In December, Iran allowed inspectors to visit Iran's Arak heavy water plant.
3668	In December, Russell’s two younger sisters — Becca, 22, and Anna, 20 — were also called to testify.
3669	Indeed, just like politicians, the justices try to frame the questions before them in as politically appealing ways as they can.
3670	Indeed, the president sees Power Africa as a key to attracting American investment in Africa.
3671	Indeed, there were 413 fall protection citations in 2013 on Oregon work sites, with an average first-time penalty of more than $1,000.
3672	Indeed, we've seen the benefits of cooperation between our countries before.
3673	In defense of Bolivian President Evo Morales Morales has been accused of being a fake radical.
3674	Independent studies suggest it's also less expensive than five or 10 years ago.
3675	India has suffered several large-scale attacks by Islamist militants, most recently the 2008 Mumbai rampage by Pakistani fighters that left 166 people dead.
3676	INDIANAPOLIS - Police were investigating after a 29-year-old man was fatally shot on the city’s northeast side Thursday evening.
3677	India, Nepal Ink 10 Deals; Modi Inaugurates Trauma Centre, Bus Service Click here to view Conversations Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent The Morning Email Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.
3678	Individuals deemed "high risk" may be subject to mandatory quarantine.
3679	In Dnipropetrovsk, a province of 3 million people in central Ukraine, 30 criminal cases have been opened.
3680	In doing so, he reiterated a claim made by many in his party -- as evidenced by the GOP-led House giving the go-ahead earlier this summer to sue Obama over executive orders -- that the administration has often overreached its authority.
3681	Indonesia: Jokowi's uphill economic challenges 30.07.2014 An economic slowdown, rampant corruption and declining foreign investment are just some of the issues plaguing Indonesia's economy.
3682	In dry season, Burkina Faso records far fewer malaria cases than in rainy season As DDT is ineffective now, Burkina Faso instead started to spray other insecticides, Combary said.
3683	In each of these indoor arenas, underfloor cooling systems are installed so that the ice stays frozen above it.
3684	In eastern Baghdad, security forces found the corpses of four men who had been handcuffed, blindfolded and shot execution-style, security sources said.
3685	"I need a party after what I've been through," she said.
3686	I need to know what happened.
3687	In emails obtained through Access to Information, Lt.-Gen.
3688	In Europe they abandoned their trucks and their door-to-door frauds to begin flying from place to place, visiting castles, stately homes, and natural history museums.
3689	I never had to wait.
3690	In fact, I hope not.
3691	In fact, it reflected genuine worry about Soviet intentions and a sense of U.S. vulnerability in a turbulent post-World War II period.
3692	In fact, it's Cianci's past -- warts and all -- that lay at the heart of the campaign message driving the 73-year-old's "final rodeo" -- the quest for a Buddy III.
3693	In fact, pregnancy-related medical issues are the leading cause of death of 15-19 year old girls in low-income countries.
3694	In fact, recent high snowmelt levels often left dam operators with no choice but to spill at levels far above what the court required — benefiting the fish greatly.
3695	In fact the sustained daily bodycount of veterans blow their own heads off, is twice that of the Vietnam War, and fully 14 TIMES the so-called "Global War on Terror."
3696	In February, Obama approved a new strategy for fighting trafficking through enforcement, as well as partnerships with other countries, communities and private industry.
3697	Infection prevention and control measures are critical to prevent the possible spread of MERS-CoV in health care facilities.
3698	In fifth was "The Maze Runner," based on James Dashner's best-selling 2007 young-adult dystopian novel of the same name, taking in $11.6 million.
3699	In financial news, the board heard the good news that savings from the HRA insurance account has been $430,000 so far this fiscal year.
3700	In focus was the crisis in Syria, alleged abuses of democracy in Egypt and US mass surveillance programs.
3701	In "Forgetting to be Afraid," Davis also writes about ending an earlier ectopic pregnancy, in which an embryo implants outside the uterus.
3702	Information from The Seattle Times archives is included in this report.
3703	In-form duo grabs early Tour Championship lead Atlanta (AFP) - FedEx Cup playoff points leaders Billy Horschel and Chris Kirk both shot bogey-free four-under 66s to share the lead after the first round of the Tour Championship.
3704	In-form Jimmy Walker, who has won three times on the 2013-14 PGA Tour, will play his first ever round at the Masters in the company of fellow American Rickie Fowler and Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell.
3705	• In Friday’s Bitcoin Bowl in St. Petersburg, Fla., Central Florida (9-3) can finish with at least 10 victories for the fourth time in five years.
3706	In "F Troop," his character claimed he was from another New Jersey city, Passaic.
3707	In Gaza, Israel and the Palestinians agreed on Sunday to an Egyptian proposal for a new 72-hour ceasefire.
3708	In Geneva, WHO spokesman Glenn Thomas said that it welcomed all efforts to gather, verify and share information on MERS.
3709	In Germany or Scandinavia, there is a strong middle-income class.
3710	In Halifax, Heritage Gas passed along gas price increases of 110 per cent between September and January.
3711	In Hawaii, a group of medical marijuana patients who were never arrested sued in May after police seized 52 plants in a raid.
3712	In her acceptance speech of the 2011 Right Livelihood Award, she explained her discomfort with the shifting view of birth among obstetricians -- from a natural occurrence to a medical problem.
3713	In her first public comments, the New Hampshire teenager who returned home nine months after she vanished on the way home from school told her local newspaper that she's "feeling a lot better every day."
3714	In his first Middle East tour since his anointment in 2013, Pope Francis held a historic prayer service with the Ecumenical Patriarch in Jerusalem on Sunday.
3715	In his guilty plea, Warner admitted that he placed some of his funds in undeclared bank accounts in Switzerland at Union Bank of Switzerland and Zuercher Kantonalbank, and failed to report the existence of those accounts and income from them.
3716	Inhofe said that he received a list of weapons Ukraine needs from Defence Minister Stepan Poltorak and will take it back to his armed services senate committee.
3717	In Honduras, the percentage of people starving is much worse.
3718	In Hong Kong, during the British colonial rule of more than a century and half, the people never even had a drop of democracy; London was calling the shots from thousands of miles away.
3719	In humans, MERS cause coughing, fever and pneumonia.
3720	Initially it gave students at the university a seamless way to connect with each other, and in short order allowed almost anyone to connect with almost anyone else in the world.
3721	Initiative 594 would expand background checks to private gun sales and transfers, like some at gun shows or online.
3722	In its latest Sustainability Report, Samsung opened up about the multitude of labor violations that it had discovered while monitoring its factories around the world, from dangerous conditions to fixed wages despite overtime work.
3723	In it, Snowden said he is confident that with international support, the United States would abandon its efforts to "treat dissent as defection" and "criminalize political speech with felony charges."
3724	In Jakarta, the rupiah slid 1.5 percent this week to 11,972 per US dollar, while the rupee fell 0.7 percent to 60.1875, prices from local banks compiled by Bloomberg show.
3725	In July 2008 it gave me $1 million cash and a $15 million letter of credit, which I used to turn LinkAmerica into what it is today.
3726	In July, scientists said a massive solar storm narrowly missed hitting Earth in 2012.
3727	In July, the Richmond, Virginia-based appeals court upheld Internal Revenue Service regulations that allow health insurance tax credits under the law for consumers in all 50 states.
3728	In June, UN assistant secretary-general for human rights Ivan Simonovic voiced "great concern" over the situation, saying politically motivated attacks by the youth group had more than doubled in the past year.
3729	In Kendra Wilkinson-Baskett's case, this weekend's party for Hank Jr. appeared to leave nothing but good feelings all around.
3730	In laboratory studies, several existing drugs have shown promise against SAVI, and one is currently being tested in children with the disease, the researchers said.
3731	In Latin America itself, the line has been clear.
3732	In many cases, the hotels are decades, or even a century, old.
3733	In many recent polls, in a lot of Senate battleground states, that difference between likely and registered change a race from what can look like a toss-up to one where Republicans might pull away.
3734	· In March 2014, US Assembly member Richard Bloom proposed a bill to end all orca captivity in the state of California. 1.2 million people signed an online petition in support.
3735	In March, Sader's lawyer told the licensing board that "Sader was under the impression - the incorrect impression - that a license was not required."
3736	In March, Saratoga's City Council voted unanimously to oppose the idea of a Las Vegas style casino in the Spa City.
3737	In March, Williams founded the Wildman Academy Titans MMA, a boxing gym on Horseshoe Lake Drive.
3738	In Mesa, Phelps will start out in shorter events — 100 butterfly Thursday after scratching from the 100 freestyle, and 50 freestyle Friday — to see where he stands against elite competition.
3739	In minutes released from its June meeting, the central bank said that if the economy improves as it expects, its massive bond buying program will fully wind down following its meeting in October.
3740	In Mississippi, officials say at least seven people have been killed.
3741	In more than a quarter of American metropolitan areas, including large swaths of the South and Midwest, Bureau of Labor Statistics figures show that at least one in ten police officers earn less than $15 an hour.
3742	“In most cases, the worst time to travel in the Mid-Atlantic and New England will be on Wednesday and Wednesday night,” said meteorologist Elliot Abrams of AccuWeather.
3743	In most of Snyder's photos, though, she's smiling because of their close relationship.
3744	In my definition your brand is who your customers think you are, and you basically have no control over this.
3745	In nearby Kuwait, hospitals based in Montreal and Toronto are helping build world-class cancer-care and heart-treatment programs.
3746	In neighbouring Ethiopia, regional mediators said they were still optimistic that peace delegates from the two sides meeting in a luxury hotel in Addis Ababa would agree to a ceasefire.
3747	In Nevada, smacked hard by the housing bust, consumers barely increased their spending.
3748	In no particular order, these go to 11: 1. Bob Mould's video for I Don't Know You Anymore.
3749	In November 2012, a jury convicted the men of fraudulently obtaining more than 100 debit and credit card numbers from several banks and credit unions.
3750	In November, Reporters Without Borders said 10 reformist journalists and bloggers had been detained since June, while another 10 were given jail terms totaling 72 years.
3751	In November, Repsol's board backed a proposed compensation deal with Argentina over the seizure of YPF.
3752	In Oct. 2013, the country said permits would be issued for children who were adopted before Sept. 25, 2013.
3753	In October, Ansar al-Sharia Derna pledged allegiance to the Islamic State (IS), the Islamist group that has seized control of territory in Iraq and Syria.
3754	In October, Target rolled out a program to ship items directly from 140 stores in 40 markets, covering most of the country.
3755	In October, the bank surprised markets by announcing it would expand asset purchases by as much as ￥20 trillion annually to the current level, sending the yen into freefall.
3756	I nodded, and we carried our tall cups and sat by the window at the gate.
3757	In one letter, Chi tells Kaczynski that he wants to create a website for others who share their anti-technology beliefs.
3758	In order to contract Ebola, the person must have been in direct contact with someone who was sick and their blood and other body fluids.
3759	In order to fulfill that responsibility, she put together a team of professionals in the substance abuse field from all over the nation, including Pohl.
3760	In order to get sustainable constitutional change you need to get wide consensus across the parties and beyond the parties as well.
3761	In order to help spread awareness and information, the city today released a new City Health Information bulletin, intended to serve as a resource for New Yorkers about screenings, testing and more.
3762	In order to provide a safe, well-lit atmosphere for trick-or-treaters, Dothan Utilities customers are being asked to report any street light outages by calling 615-3302.
3763	In order to stop germs from ever entering the body, hand-washing is key.
3764	In Otaki, a senior villager distributed surgical masks to the residents in the Takigoshi district Wednesday.
3765	In other studies, a method called transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been used to stimulate parts of the brain by applying tiny electrical currents to the scalp.
3766	In other words, analysts say, the group is declaring to the world that IS is now indeed a state, exercising powers associated with states – from establishing an army to rendering “justice,” including through execution.
3767	In other words, no matter how you look at it, we're just getting started.
3768	In other words, passive index investors can become heavily exposed to yesterday's top performers, claimed Warne.
3769	In our country, it's a sadly common story: An abuser or stalker gains access to guns and destroys the lives of women and families in our communities.
3770	In our heart of hearts, and in our rational minds, we have replaced the right to ownership, and its accompanying yearnings, with the right to access.
3771	"In parliament, Jobbik began to act differently, mimicking other parties, abandoning real change," he said.
3772	In part, it dictates how schools that receive federal funds must respond to claims of sexual harassment.
3773	In practice, graph search was complex.
3774	In principle, the fund’s overseas investments have no political strategic purpose and it does not gain controlling interests in the companies in which it invests.
3775	In reality Lipnitskaya’s performance has nothing whatsoever to do with politics.
3776	In reality, new research by our charity shows that many homeless young people are left with less than £1 a week after budgeting for bills and other day-to-day expenses.
3777	In recent years, I have become close to Eyebrow Guru / Entreprenur Anastasia Soare who has created an empire off of Eyebrows.
3778	In Regina, the restaurant La Bodega includes a version of macaroni and cheese on its menu.
3779	In response, Apple is releasing a special tool that lets people remove the album from their collections.
3780	In response, Israel fired on nine Syrian army positions, including Syrian military headquarters and launching positions, the IDF reported.
3781	In response, Quinn said he has "zero tolerance" for wrongdoing.
3782	In response, the B612 Foundation announced plans to launch an early warning system that can alert us to asteroids well before they could hit us.
3783	In retaliation for sanctions imposed on them, Russia announced a ban on food imports from the United States and other nations.
3784	"In searching for a job, researching and networking are two important factors in finding a position that is the right fit for you," he said.
3785	In Seattle, hundreds of students walked out of high school classes and rallied at the University of Washington or marched to the downtown federal courthouse.
3786	In September Britain raised its threat level from "substantial" to "severe," indicating an attack is highly likely.
3787	INSIDE: Ivory leather, aluminum, forged carbon and titanium create a luxurious cabin.
3788	Inside Out London went undercover to expose the fraud and discovered one gang that organises sham gay marriages for £10,000.
3789	In so many ways, politics is a numbers game.
3790	In some cases, projects to establish day care centers have been stalled by such complaints and an operator has even been sued for “noise” by residents citing a Tokyo ordinance.
3791	In some quarters taxidermy has become quite trendy over recent years, but it's rare to find stuffed animals that can genuinely be mistaken for living creatures.
3792	"In some way or another everyone who works in fashion, especially being Dominicans, identifies with him," said Leonel Lirio, one of the country's most prominent designers.
3793	In some ways the trip down was the anticlimactic conclusion to a journey I had been waiting weeks to experience.
3794	"In South America, this thing is going to be dynamite," Bragman said.
3795	Inspector General Uncovers Disturbing Misconduct at Phoenix VA In the wake of the new report, Arizona senators called on the veterans affairs secretary to resign.
3796	Inspired by young daughter Spicer's personal mission started one year ago when her 7-year-old daughter asked her why women wear makeup, and men don't.
3797	In sports, you always know who won.
3798	Instead, despite receiving an average of two complaints per month, NHTSA repeatedly responded that "there was not enough evidence of a problem to warrant a safety investigation," according to the New York Times.
3799	Instead, he said, he sees the game as a "birthday present" for Kim and his country.
3800	Instead of being sent to the medical examiner's office, his body ended up at a funeral home and was almost cremated.
3801	Instead of going sequentially, city by city, it will be done laterally, with vans going to different locations at the same time.
3802	Instead, the Seahawks now go on the road the next two games, long trips to St. Louis and Carolina, searching equally for victories and answers.
3803	Instead the SEC levies penalties that are: "at most a tollbooth on the bankster turnpike." 3 Kidney said some high profile names among his bosses made no secret they were at the SEC to punch their tickets.
3804	Instead, the two sides talked to each other through Brahimi.
3805	Instead they have triggered an increase in networks of smugglers and human-traffickers.
3806	Instead, they’ll throw one of the biggest parties this side of the Atlantic.
3807	In St. Louis, the Calgary Flames gave the Blues little resistance en route to a 4-1 loss.
3808	Instructions for making this type of explosive are widely available on the Internet.
3809	In such circumstances, licenses for companies, jobs in the state bureaucracy, and other economic opportunities were monopolized by and for the ruling family and its circle of cronies.
3810	Insurance companies will still be paying squat, and now they will pay even less due to the fact that one has to pay so much before getting any claims covered.
3811	Intel started the division in 2011, luring digital executive Erik Huggers from the BBC to lead the team.
3812	In Tennessee, by a 54-46% margin, voters did approve a measure to modify the state's constitution to explicitly restrict abortion rights and give state legislators unfettered power to regulate -- and ban -- abortion services.
3813	Interest rate cuts last week by the Chinese central bank raised hopes Beijing will do more to prevent growth from dropping below 7 percent.
3814	Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt's name was quietly leaked, but Senate Republicans made clear he would face a rocky confirmation.
3815	International crude oil prices might fall lower, as supply countries have not showed any plans to cut production, Chou said.
3816	Interviews were conducted in both English and Spanish.
3817	In Texas, it can take up to four years to change clean-air rules.
3818	In that respect it accords with many previous experiences of cabin decompression, the moment when the pressure difference becomes most acute.
3819	In the 1990s, the U.S. increased deportations of immigrants facing criminal charges, particularly gang members.
3820	In the 2012-2013 season, 27 percent of individuals working in various creative roles on broadcast television were women, about the same percentage as the year prior as well as in 2009-2010 season.
3821	In the absence of a signed MOU, BAMSI would be violating COB’s intellectual property rights should the institute start instructing students in the next two weeks using COB courses and program.
3822	In the afternoon, a Marine Harrier jet crashed in flames in a residential area of Imperial but no one was hurt.
3823	In the Atlantic island province of Newfoundland, more than 30,000 people were without power.
3824	"In the back of your mind -- about your family not being able to make it to the game because of the traffic and everything -- you just want to make sure that they're safe," U.S. forward Clint Dempsey said.
3825	In the Bay Area, rainfall totals Wednesday approached two inches on Mount Tamalpais and 1.5 inches in nearby Kentfield.
3826	"In the budgeting part there will be a view of conventional budgeting and a view of budgeting my way, and students can debate the two.
3827	In the Caribbean, We See Hate Instead Annecka Marshall, University of the West Indies In a nation where same-sex intimacy remains illegal, society is denying a fundamental human right: sexual privacy.
3828	In the Chinese century, bad behavior has its rewards.
3829	In the course of detaining and beating him, he says, police threw him violently against their van, fracturing his skull.
3830	In the early 2000s, PBR's popularity started rising without any encouragement from the brand itself, which benefited from a more general renaissance of all things "retro-chic."
3831	In the early days of the ice storm Wynne met regularly with Kelly, but not Ford.
3832	In the end management gave in, and they now offer it at frequent intervals during the year.
3833	In the end, more than 85 percent of the American brothers voted for the project.
3834	In the final ten minutes, Guardiola brought on Arjen Robben who returned to action following a six-week layoff after gashing his knee in December.
3835	In the first class section, the focus is on the excellent buffet.
3836	In the forum post, he used exchange firm Mt.Gox, which is currently facing liquidation, as an example of why cryptocurrency needs to be regulated, noting that it is important to keep consumers' assets protected.
3837	"In the interim, boulders were placed around the perimeter to prevent any further contamination of the area," he said.
3838	In the interim, Omar Minaya, senior vice president for baseball operations, and assistant general managers AJ Hinch and Fred Uhlman Jr. will share Byrnes’ role.
3839	In the interview, Cosby also addressed how his wife, Camille Cosby, has weathered the allegations and ongoing public scrutiny.
3840	In their book "Double Down," Mark Halperin and John Heilmann documented the problems the staid Romney staffers in Boston had with Christie's pushy people in Trenton during mating season.
3841	In their commercial they potray the car for individuals who have had a taste of the top but are at the bottom.
3842	In their discussions on fossil fuels, there was a fierce battle over a chart that showed how much the electricity sector needed to curb its carbon.
3843	In their study, the researchers attached transmitters to 171 blue whales off California at different times between 1993 and 2008 and tracked their movements via satellite.
3844	In the kitchen, tie holiday cookie cutters with colored raffia ribbons onto the tree." 3) DIY gift boxes and wrapping paper: "Under the smaller trees, try taking a cardboard jewelry box, hot-gluing moss onto it and tying it up with a nice ribbon.
3845	In the last week, the Assad regime has stepped up its use of air-strikes against ISIS, no doubt aware of the coincidental benefit of showing the West that Syrian help is required to tackle ISIS.
3846	In the last year, companies have opened 70 new in-house centers and divested just two due to company-specific issues, according to Everest Group.
3847	In the lead-up to a bankruptcy, the final nail in the coffin is the decision by vendors not to ship merchandise on credit -- which is the backbone of retailing.
3848	In the men’s 1000, Canada’s Charles Hameln, who took gold in the 500, is one of the favorites along with Russia’s Viktor Ahn and China’s Wu Dajing.
3849	In the most pleasant outcome, global economic growth would pick up, causing today’s expensive assets to begin looking more reasonably priced.
3850	In the New Orleans area, people headed to Lakeside Mall in droves to finish up last-minute shopping.
3851	In the next presidential sixth year — 2006, with George W. Bush in the White House, and the Iraq War unpopular — Republicans lost control of both the House and Senate.
3852	In the Nov. 4 FOMC statement, the Fed said information received since its Sept. 22-23 meeting "suggests that economic activity has continued to pick up."
3853	In the past 10 days he has begun moving his limbs again.
3854	In the past we lived peacefully and in the future we can still live peacefully and this is a very good step for that peaceful existence, he pointed out.
3855	"In the past we've seen wage increases under Republican administrations," he said on a conference call with reporters.
3856	In the photo above, laborers fill a pot with melted iron to pour into a casting mold to make machine parts in a foundry in Karachi, Pakistan, on Wednesday.
3857	“In these circumstances, the court does not find the defendant’s explanation credible but simply an attempt to create some psychotic explanation for a fit of anger.”
3858	In the second part of the "Hobbit" movie series, "The Desolation of Smaug," the group's adventures continue as they try to reach Lonely Mountain, a home of the dwarves.
3859	In the study, the devices that the researchers tested included BodyMedia FIT, DirectLife, Fitbit One, Fitbit Zip, Jawbone UP band, Nike+ Fuel Band and the Basis B1 Band.
3860	In the tourism industry, value added is estimated to have increased by 0.4 per cent due to improvements in major source markets and more intense marketing efforts.
3861	In the tumultuous theatre that is today's Middle East lies a historic opportunity - the opportunity to reverse the degenerative course of the region and to secure for it a bright and promising new century.
3862	In the United States, gasoline is averaging $3.47 a gallon, according to AAA.
3863	In the U.S., the Fed's bond-buying program has pushed up both bond and stock prices.
3864	"In the water or if you're playing on the rocks or on the jetty you want to be very aware and always mentally have a route so you can get to high ground quickly," Chief Boatswain’s Mate Brad Beckett.
3865	In the western part of the district, soil moisture varied from county to county, from 56 percent adequate to as much as 100 percent short.
3866	In the year 2000, Elaine developed a mystery shopping program which has become tremendously popular.
3867	In this country, paid sick leave is granted by the grace and favour of employers and the bargaining strength of unions.
3868	In this film white guards in a Louisiana prison execute an innocent black man "with love" in a way that we are meant to see as kind.
3869	In this post, he is effectively the leader of the USSR. 1985-1988 - Participates in a series of summit talks with U.S. President Ronald Reagan. 1987 - Signs the Intermediate Nuclear Forces treaty with the United States to limit nuclear weapons.
3870	In this second stint at the helm, Bachelet will have a chance to cement her legacy as a transformative leader who experienced the horrors of the 1973-1990 Augusto Pinochet military dictatorship firsthand.
3871	In this sense, Kyary is subversive.
3872	In this study, researchers used data from CT scans to create 3-D images and actual models of the king's spine.
3873	"In today's economy, it's important to be prepared with as much information as possible when planning for the future," USDA Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services Under Secretary Kevin Concannon said in a release.
3874	In turn, Mammoliti sued Leiper, alleging the probe was biased and that it breached his privacy.
3875	Inuit go hungry more than any other indigenous group: report "If people can't get their traditional country food with their own family, then they have to get it somewhere," said co-author Harriet Kuhlein.
3876	Investigators have said that a vast amount of cargo, more than double the ferry's limit, and the failure to tie it down properly were partly responsible for the capsizing of the Sewol.
3877	Investigators said Ayvazov was likely also behind a flashing incident last week.
3878	Investigators said Hedrick, a student at Bunker Hill High School, and a friend were riding in a truck driven by Hedrick’s father on Hudson Chapel Road.
3879	Investigators soon realized Atwood was a sex offender required to register his address with authorities.
3880	Investigators were working to determine the cause of the crash.
3881	"Investors are back to being reasonable," said Shih Wenbien, stock strategist at Yunta Securities in Shanghai.
3882	Investors don’t expect the dollar rally to continue over the long term, however.
3883	Investors dump emerging market stocks By Mark Thompson @MarkThompsonCNN February 3, 2014: 1:30 PM ET Investors pulled a record amount out of emerging market equity funds last week.
3884	In what appeared to be a swipe against some tea party-backed lawmakers, Christie said he's not the kind of conservative who is "unwilling to compromise," arguing that the GOP ideological divide in Washington prevents people from working together.
3885	In winning ugly, rather than playing beautifully, Brazil is marching to modern soccer’s tune that victory is all that matters.
3886	IOn Sunday afternoon, David told CBC News she didn't mean to offend anyone.
3887	I originally launched the Coolest in November.
3888	"I played without a lot of mistakes but it was difficult to return sometimes."
3889	"I prefer not to have it if some people feel uncomfortable," said Jim Callahan, a 65-year-old sales rep.
3890	Iran has supported Assad in the three-year-old civil war.
3891	Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari urged the world to back his country against Islamic State, which he described as a threat to the world, not just to the minority ethnic groups whose members it has killed in Iraq.
3892	Iraq is no stranger to sectarian violence - the US-led invasion in 2003 set off a cycle of tit-for-tat violence that many described as a full blown civil war, peaking in 2006-07.
3893	Iraq UN warns of possible Amerli massacre by Islamic State The UN has warned that residents of an Iraqi town besieged by Islamist militants since June risk "massacre," if immediate action isn't taken.
3894	I read a lot of my dad's science-fiction collection along the way and then my husband's.
3895	I read Godzilla and I realized that not only is it a cool monster movie, (one) of my favorite monsters as a kid, but there’s also a very well-crafted, character-driven narrative embedded in this monster movie.
3896	I really do not understand why fans actually attend games anymore, given the prices and hassle.
3897	I recently discovered that he (unlike me) has kept his online profile this entire time.
3898	“I remember, end of season last year, in the A-10 tournament playing LaSalle, we were exhausted,” Barnes said.
3899	I remember the frustration of teaching myself to cook and what kind of roadblocks I would come against, so we try to acknowledge that in the recipes.
3900	I respect women who wear heels to parties, because it hurts my lower back.
3901	Irsay told the judge he is still under the care of a doctor and an orthopedic specialist who prescribe medications for him.
3902	Isabel starts with masa, ground corn flour.
3903	Isachenkov reported from Moscow.
3904	I said, “I have some sandwiches in the van.
3905	I said no and kept driving.
3906	"I saw all of those tents and I thought, 'Is it possible that all of the ice climbers in the world are here?'
3907	I say keep it illegal (it's way cheaper that way) More proof the true job creator is the consumer.
3908	I see evidence on a regular basis of the genuinely positive impact surgery can have when other treatment options aren't available or simply won't provide the same kind of benefit.
3909	I send all my best wishes and hope that you pull through.
3910	I sent them back and sized down.
3911	IS has been emboldened by the success of its sweep into Iraq, where it captured the cities of Mosul and Tikrit after its earlier seizure of much of Anbar province.
3912	"I should have stopped earlier but I was having so much fun out there I wanted to keep playing.
3913	ISIL is another acronym for Islamic State.
3914	ISIS executed more than 1,500 members of the Iraqi security forces in one incident alone, in June, the UN says.
3915	ISIS has been winning despite the fact its forces number about 7,000 compared to the Iraqi army's 250,000.
3916	Is it a play on words?
3917	Is it going to help?’
3918	Is Jed York totally unable to tell them both to put on their big boy panties and work it the eff out?
3919	Is Jesse Jackson complaining that Amazon needs to hire more white people?
3920	ISLAMABAD (AP) — Pakistan has launched a ground offensive against Taliban strongholds near the Afghan border after evacuating nearly half a million residents from the tribal region.
3921	Islamist militants in the Sinai have stepped up attacks since Mursi's ouster, killing hundreds of police and soldiers in violence that has hammered the vital tourism industry.
3922	Island Outsourcers brings invaluable experience and will enhance the new thrust for tourism growth and development in The Bahamas,” he further added.
3923	IS led a major offensive in Iraq that began on June 9 and swept through the country's Sunni Arab heartland, where many are angry and alienated by what they see as the sectarian policies of the Shiite-dominated government.
3924	Isolated shower possible, mainly before 8pm.
3925	Is Pakistan finally going after the Taliban? 23.01.2014 Islamabad has launched an offensive against militant Islamists in its northwestern region.
3926	"I spent the first few months only learning to hold a needle properly," says Leung.
3927	Is physicist changing football?
3928	Israel: A modern state that embodies the dreams and hopes of Jews throughout history.
3929	Israel and the Palestinian question have also historically served as excellent excuses for Arab regimes to maintain police states, and have led to the rise of militant organisations such as Hezbollah or Hamas.
3930	Israel, a US ally and itself an undeclared nuclear power, has not ruled out strikes to derail a program it sees as an attempt to acquire atomic weapons and tip the balance of power in the Middle East.
3931	Israel has no legal right to continue occupation!
3932	Israeli military spokesman Lt Col Peter Lerner said on Thursday that Israel had struck more than 320 Hamas targets over Wednesday night and into Thursday morning, and had mobilised 20,000 reservists for a ground operation.
3933	Israeli officials have said 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel died.
3934	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke with U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon, according to a statement from his office, in which he voiced his dismay with the announcement.
3935	Israel reported Wednesday that two more of its soldiers have died in the conflict, bringing the military's death toll to 29, but did not elaborate on the circumstances of the latest casualties.
3936	"Israel's armed forces should intensify their efforts to avoid the loss of innocent lives."
3937	Israel's army said its targets included a senior member of the Islamic Jihad militant group.
3938	Issa's assets, which include multiple real estate holdings, range from $430.4 to $672.9 million in value, according to his 2012 financial disclosure forms posted by the Center for Responsive Politics.
3939	Is she excited by any of our kink’s side dishes, like standing in a corner, writing lines, being scolded, or getting her mouth washed out with soap?
3940	"Issues of depression and self-harm are extremely challenging, particularly in online environments that encourage self-expression.
3941	“Is that all you’ve got?” he yelled.
3942	Is the desire for answers dominating everything else?
3943	Is there a bigger choke artist in all of sports than Manning?
3944	Is this really your future?
3945	Is this the blueprint for a new Cold War?
3946	I suffer from this delusion as much as anybody.
3947	I support the wonder-grannies.
3948	I surround the plants with slug bait and support the weak stems with tall cages of twine and planting stakes.
3949	It acknowledges that the aggregate case load of Ebola virus disease could exceed 20,000 over the course of this emergency,” the WHO said.
3950	It acts as a lubricant, helping to increase the knee's range of motion, thus lessening the pain experienced by the patient.
3951	It added that Pakistan urged Kabul to take measures "to eliminate terrorist sanctuaries on Afghan territory."
3952	It added that the girl had a temperature of 101.6 degrees before being cooled down.
3953	It adds: "Say no to death and suffering!
3954	"I take pride in what I do," says Brian.
3955	It all needs to be rewired to be about the people and for the people.
3956	It allowed for a spontaneity and agility that the regimes could not catch up to, and that allowed for.
3957	It allows people certified by a doctor as suffering from severe epilepsy, or their parents, to legally possess non-psychoactive cannabidiol, known as CBD oil.
3958	It all started with a team effort.
3959	"It all started with myself, basically.
3960	It already distributes Beam's products in Japan.
3961	It also brought in Google docs and collaboration tools.
3962	It also changes his brain, in ways that it seems to equip dads with the very same "baby sense" that's often attributed to moms.
3963	It also described the Genesis loan program as supplemental financial assistance used by less than 40 percent of its students at a cost of about $35 per month.
3964	It also encourages fun and engaging exercise.
3965	It also freed additional space under the salary cap, which the team intends to use to continue an overhaul of the roster under new coach Lovie Smith and general manager Jason Licht.
3966	It also increases the number of individuals with federal approval to work with select agents.
3967	It also is the latest illustration of the existential question facing the GOP, posed by Yahoo News’ Matt Bai in the week leading up to Cantor’s loss: Who exactly is conservative enough for the current crop of Republicans?
3968	It also may require drone operators to get pilot's licenses, which would be controversial.
3969	It also means that the Louisiana race involving Democratic Senator Mary Landrieu is likely to be the only one that will go to a runoff.
3970	It also often means shunning the institutional and organizational conventions that have propelled candidates to victory for decades.
3971	It also said it would not release the details of its internal investigations into abuse cases unless required to do so by a state or government.
3972	It also uncovered instances of sexual assault and exploitation, which it said were rarely reported by victims for fear of the repercussions.
3973	It also will serve as the new home for the upgraded Fight Hunger Bowl, which had been played at AT&T Park in San Francisco, home of Major League Baseball's Giants.
3974	It appears not just in those who are openly bigoted, but even among believers in racial equality (including many black people ourselves).
3975	It belongs to the employee.
3976	It built a database that tracks electricity, natural gas, diesel, fuel oil, propane, and refrigerant data.
3977	"It came onto the bow of the state ferry and into the harbor," said Wynne, who took part in the whale's necropsy.
3978	It can be useful in helping them to have a sustainable livelihood."
3979	"It can solve some of the immediate problems but not all the problems," said 31-year-old Samuel Kuir Chok.
3980	It can then be pre-programmed to convey electronic messages to those who walk on it - or it can be plugged into live internet feeds.
3981	It causes a fever, runny nose, cough and a rash all over the body.
3982	It certainly was highly unusual, this 81-74 decision against 15th-ranked Iowa.
3983	It cited Japanese police data showing the number of child pornography investigations in 2012 rose 9.7% from a year earlier to a record of 1,596.
3984	It connects more than 40 miles of trails and seven city parks and provides recreation for cyclists, runners, wheelchair users, skaters and skiers, the association says.
3985	"It convinced him that it was useless to negotiate, that you had to stand your ground, that agreements not fortified by the potential use of force were useless," Lukyanov says.
3986	"It could well be that sooner rather than later the men's World Cup will also be played on artificial pitches," Valcke said.
3987	It denies legal recognition of same-sex marriages performed legally in other states.
3988	It did not specify when they were killed or provide figures on government casualties.
3989	It does not want to fight America, so it must be confident in the judgment that America will back down and desert its friends rather than engage in conflict with China, even if backing down badly weakens the U.S. position in Asia.
3990	“It doesn’t have a strong political constituency in Washington.”
3991	It doesn't help Kent that shares of Coke's top rival Pepsi (PEP) are up 14% this year and not far from an all-time high.
3992	It doesn't help when we have a leader who supposed to promote unity but his actions say otherwise.
3993	“It doesn’t make the end result any easier; it was a horrible tragedy that happened on Mount Rainier today,” she said.
3994	It doesn’t solve the problem.
3995	It don’t mean nothing to me.
3996	It estimates about 30% of jobs in the capital are at high risk from automation, and 51% are at little or no risk, compared to 35% and 43% for the rest of the UK.
3997	It explores an unhappy marriage, a mysterious death, the impact an affair has on a family, and how love can surprise you.
3998	It features Hoffman and Amy Ryan in a tentative and implausible romance, shot through with self-doubts and a pervasive lack of hope.
3999	"It feels like we're just a big grieving family, and that somewhat helps in coping with this horrible, devastating event," he told CNN's Anderson Cooper.
4000	"It felt like somebody was punching the back of your head," she told KATU in an exclusive interview a day after the explosion at round-two of her daughter's tournament at a different field in Beaverton.
4001	It focuses on an "unseen dramatic confrontation" which forced judge Cheryl Fernandez-Versini to reverse her vote and reprieved a contestant.
4002	It follows an ultra-conservative, violent interpretation of Islam and is accused by rights groups and the United Nations of committing war crimes, including the mass killings of soldiers, Shiite Muslims and followers of the ancient Yazidi faith in Iraq.
4003	It gave a sense of how much meaning lies in the music - at least in the hands of Harnoncourt, who has a clear definition of his role: "We musicians are not artists, but interpreters."
4004	It gave us time to set up camp and then amble up the trail with just fanny packs to see Spray Falls — for my money, one of the more spectacular alpine cataracts anywhere — and continue on to lupine-festooned Spray Park.
4005	It generally takes about four or five hours to print a simple object, with more complex items taking a day or more.
4006	It had earlier dropped as low as 87.80, the lowest that Canada's currency has been valued at since July 2009, when the loonie was on an upswing from its previous trough at around 76 cents during the recession.
4007	It had grown to about 130 acres by Tuesday evening and forced the evacuation of several dozen homes near the community of Foresta.
4008	It happened in the 1700 block of 24th Street S.W. just after 8 p.m. MT.
4009	It happened really fast.
4010	"It has been CNN's great honor for the past eight years to shine a spotlight on these remarkable individuals who are making a difference in their communities and the world," said Jeff Zucker, president of CNN Worldwide.
4011	It has gone downhill, once the apartments came in. It's a lot of section 8 housing.
4012	It has nothing to do with anything, but you’ll be glad you saw it anyway.
4013	“It hasn’t seriously changed anything, we keep coming back to the point where we are still some way from a healthy sporting rivalry,” Niersbach told ARD.
4014	It has seemed that most of the public, especially the British, wanted Jenson to stay.
4015	It has since re-opened.
4016	It has the opposite effect of what is intended.
4017	It has two superb leads in Ramin Karimloo and Will Swenson and new orchestrations, stagecraft and costumes.
4018	It helps you practice writing all the time and responding to the world through jokes and that's really great for writing a longer thing like a book or a TV show.
4019	I think all of us felt that," surgeon Liza Johannesson said in a video supplied by her university.
4020	"I think a lot of it's the mental part of it.
4021	"I think a lot of young people have incredible ideas and incredible insights, but sometimes they wait before they go give their life to something," she said.
4022	“I think anyone in our situation would've done the same thing,” said Kevin Weber, ROTC Cadet.
4023	"I think early on they could have gone deeper into games, which would have taken some pressure off our bullpen."
4024	I think he has a limited mental capacity of what’s going on and I think that’s another thing I need to explore in terms of competency,” Durham said.
4025	"I think it could be on a case-by-case basis."
4026	"I think it's absurd to pretend that could be so and I think the Spanish government will have to realise that," Mas said.
4027	'I think it's a good idea that we regionalize our force to a certain extent or other but you know, we've had the original reaction that Rothesay and Quispamsis and Grand Bay are not particularly keen.
4028	I think it's definitely a great city to do a lot of things in. It's a community for creating, it's very communal, but a lot of people don't know about the music side of the creative scene.
4029	I think it’s fan friendly,” said Cashman, who was at the ballpark for the first time.
4030	"I think it's important to come down because there are going to be a lot of artists from the area," Aalgaard said.
4031	"I think it's important to realize that these are acted performances and they have taken a lot of work to bring the characters to the screen," he said.
4032	“I think it’s important we extend this … supporting permanency, not a temporary extension.”
4033	"I think it's individuals like (Beaulieu) that we need to relaunch the battle for national independence, which should not be abandoned," former PQ premier Bernard Landry said in a video posted on Beaulieu's YouTube page.
4034	"I think it's the resurrection of the old Soviet skate team," Philip Shustov of Moscow had said a few hours earlier.
4035	I think it was a combination of patience and good luck and timing and hard work.
4036	I think my teacher said we should write dog.
4037	"I think of La Pasadita, the No. 1 seed, as the unofficial champion," he writes.
4038	"I think once you've found the putting surface, you've got a fairly flat putt from pretty much anywhere, apart from a couple of holes," Poulter said.
4039	"I think she was an idealist, but she's a practical idealist, and I think that is a common theme for the Millennial generation.
4040	I think statistically he’s one of the best goalies in the state, if not the best.”
4041	"I think that this certainly will be a wake-up call for Europe and the world that there are consequences to an escalation of the conflict in eastern Ukraine," Obama said in a special address.
4042	I think that was really important.
4043	"I think the electoral result was much more important for that government than the financial result."
4044	I think there is a miscalculation on both sides.
4045	"I think there's a significant risk to our water source.
4046	I think there’s no way for me to avoid writing with my own voice, I just don’t know how to do anything else.
4047	"I think there's three of us that feel pretty good about our day so far."
4048	“I think the roastery is a metaphor for the whole company,” Schultz told the 150 or so investors who gathered in Seattle for a biennial meeting with top management.
4049	"I think they are trying to show people that they are committed on land reform," the group's leader Constance Mogale said.
4050	"I think they knew this was going to happen, so it's just irritating they didn't tell us sooner.
4051	"I think this is far more intrinsic and deeper than anybody anticipates and it's only going to be in years to come that we really see the critical impact that world design capital has had on Cape Town," says McGowan.
4052	I think this would be a great thing for politics if the norm is that you raise small amounts of money from a huge mass of people."
4053	I think we should see a lot of people from Europe want to come and see this."
4054	"I think what I heard was the house kind of rattling," said Donna Kearney Lomeo, a Sedona real estate agent.
4055	I thought I could eat.
4056	"I thought there would be a gap, that there would be some catches he wouldn't make, some blocks he wouldn't be able to make, some separation he wouldn't be able to get," Harbaugh said.
4057	“I thought the whole idea was to be visible – get people to slow down in the high traffic areas,” he said.
4058	It identified them as the Baghdad bombers and said they were Lebanese and Libyan.
4059	I timed it perfectly,” said the Nottingham fighter, who has struggled throughout his career to earn the plaudits his 33-2 record merits.
4060	It includes a massive Gaylord conference center, hotels, condominiums, the relocated National Children's Museum, new outlet stores, an ice rink and a carousel.
4061	It includes a number of targeted measures, being taken with allies, to severely limit the ability of ISIL to engage in full scale military movements and to operate bases in the open," Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a statement.
4062	It includes posters from the 1950s to the present and contains such movements as the Montgomery Bus Boycott, the United Farm Workers' grape and lettuce boycott and divestment from South Africa to protest apartheid.
4063	It is active on college campuses and in cities around the globe.
4064	“It is a known practice of these fraud rings to make micro charges to victims’ credit cards long after they first scammed them,” Muñoz said.
4065	It is all part of Sanskrit week - a celebration of the classical language across hundreds of schools mandated by India's new federal right-wing government.
4066	It is also a way for Latin American countries in the Pacific Rim to counter their economic dependency on China.
4067	It is a member of Intel Corp’s Internet of Things Alliance.
4068	It is an opportunity to get together on this special day and share the feeling of friendship and community.
4069	"It is a private initiative, but we are whole-heartedly behind it, because I think it can be a great benefit to the city of Moose Jaw," Higgins said.
4070	"It is a profoundly selfish crime and deserving of our condemnation."
4071	It is a shame that people who are not involved with elections, or familiar with campaign financing laws would take advantage of the reputation that it has taken him so long to build," Ohta said.
4072	It is being investigated if the items are linked to a recent spate of crime in the western suburbs, with 17 burglaries reported in the Wembley police sub-district last weekend.
4073	It is estimated that by 2050, 16 million people will be diagnosed.
4074	“It is evidently pleasing to many people to fantasy that when people are trapped by some immobile event which deprives them of their usual activities, most will turn to copulation,” Udry wrote.
4075	It is expected his set will lean heavily toward the band's classic live album from 1973, Space Ritual.
4076	It is forbidden to discuss the struggle for democracy in China, which has left as many as 2,600 dead.
4077	It is good for the businesses that get inexpensive, skilled labor, and good for the students, who get real-world experience.
4078	It is highly helpful for me.
4079	It is known that an army of workers had to give the Vandenberg Air Force Base runway a renovation in readiness to handle the incoming X-37B.
4080	"It is like fighting a forest fire.
4081	It is ludicrous to think you can charge the same rates when you have to cover 4 to 5 times more area than these other "CITIES".
4082	“It is never, never, never, never the woman’s fault.
4083	It is not a stupid idea," the banker said.
4084	It is not enough that you want to change the world.
4085	“It is not just a willy-nilly process.”
4086	It is not known at this stage how the fire started.
4087	"It is not something that concerns us anymore," said Zhang Yu, a graduate student in sociology.
4088	“It is not the ban that is causing the violence, it was the violence that led to the ban,” Cazeneuve said, adding that he would react the same way if mosques or churches were targeted.
4089	It is only moderately larger – by 5.5 percent – than it was at its peak more than five years ago.
4090	It is purely a cyclical event.
4091	"It is scandalous that the predicament of the injured, displaced, the detained, and the relatives of all those who have been killed or are missing is no longer attracting much attention," she said.
4092	It is specifically because of my age."
4093	"It is spectacular and there are about two or three show-stopping moments..
4094	It is still possible to scrape this data on a large scale."
4095	It is stipulated by the law”, - said Lukjanenko A complete information is available by subscribe to UNIAN news feeds In case you have noticed spelling, mark it out with your mouse and click Ctrl+Enter.
4096	It is the biggest state spending reduction in France in half a century.
4097	It is the first US Food and Drug Administration-approved allergen extract that can be dissolved under the tongue, the agency said in a statement.
4098	It is thought police are investigating whether the incident was a freak accident.
4099	"It is time on all sides to turn away from violence but the Ukrainian government has the particular responsibility to take a lead on that and now it's failing on that."
4100	It is time we started thinking about using SAFE, not just safer, products.
4101	"It is true something could happen to me but let's be realistic, at my age I do not have much to lose," the pope said.
4102	It is true that the UK’s gross domestic product (GDP) grew by nearly 2 per cent in the four quarters to September 2013, compared to barely more than 1 per cent over the whole two years before that.
4103	"It is very emotional for me," Maran said.
4104	"It is very painful.
4105	"It is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate," Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin wrote on Paltrow's site Goop in a March 25 post titled "Conscious Uncoupling."
4106	It just looks so strange," chief technical officer Ben Jensen tells The Independent.
4107	It just took her a few extra steps to get there.
4108	It killed 11 Floridians in 2011.
4109	It kills infested ash trees within three to five years unless preventative steps are taken.
4110	It kind of bleeds off on you."
4111	It lacks detail about where she wants to take the country, how she proposes to do so, or why the person she is at 66 is suited to be the president she wants to be -- whoever that is.
4112	It'll be quieter now," Rodrigues said by telephone.
4113	It makes no distinction between full-time MBAs, part-time MBAs, executive MBAs, and online degrees.
4114	It may be an old case, said Pavlovic, but he believes that even after three decades it could still be wrapped up.
4115	It means that Belgrade once again became a very open, connected city.
4116	It meets the interests of the ruling regime, who just needs more money," Zohrabyan said.
4117	It moved its headquarters to Dublin from Michigan after agreeing last year to buy Irish drugmaker Elan for $8.6 billion.
4118	It must be nice to be in such good health that you have NO CLUE of which you speak.
4119	It never gets old."
4120	It never works, though—in part, I suspect, because I’ve never learned the proper methods.
4121	It now holds about 400 people but eventually will hold about 700 women and children, Johnson said.
4122	I told myself I would never let them see me that way again.
4123	I told our guys that 'Right now, they're playing through emotions and everything is working for them.'
4124	"I told them I was just doing it because I liked it.
4125	It only had a shelf life of about seven goes as it was made of a kind of soap and would start to deteriorate.
4126	It overrides the lack of social license to frack and it tells us that we should accept a watered down version of a prohibition.
4127	It passed a key committee vote Wednesday.
4128	It predicted a more rapid recovery in the United States, but also a pickup in activity in the 18-euro area.
4129	It probably would have been much safer to do a smaller-budget movie with a simpler theme.
4130	It proved to be just the ticket.
4131	It published an article online titled '28 Mind-Blowing Lesbian Sex Positions'.
4132	''It really felt like we were going to bring it out again.
4133	It reopened a week later and took the Cronut burger off its menu.
4134	"I tried to get the tractor back into gear to get it through the hedge so, worst-case scenario, he would have hit the tyre not the tractor itself.
4135	I tried to give her a hug and a kiss on the cheek (I'm a f**king gentleman).
4136	Its 1.4 percent share of international transactions is far below the euro's 42.5 percent and the dollar's 31 percent.
4137	It’s about different conditions, different elements of weather.
4138	It's a case Tamayo's lawyer had made as well in attempts to stay his execution.
4139	"It's a 'clasico,' and there's nothing more to say," Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino said.
4140	"It's a cool problem to think about.
4141	“It’s a gong show out there,” Mr. Zweerink said Saturday, just as a dozen more boats pushed off from Island 22, a prime fishing launch some 100 kilometres east of Vancouver.
4142	It's a Grade B movie that will probably make a fortune thanks to the North Koreans.
4143	It said Spain sought the drug under a Spanish law that permits the use of unauthorized medication for patients with a life-threatening illness who cannot be treated satisfactorily by authorized drugs.
4144	It said that the men were aged between 28 and 33, and that at least one was an asylum seeker.
4145	It said the arc reaches from 20 degrees south latitude to 39 degrees south latitude.
4146	It’s akin to calling Hurricane Katrina a weather event.
4147	It's a little hypocritical to lecture us about Truth, Justice, and the American Way while turning our greatest superhero into a corporate whore.
4148	It's all about getting together with other families and not really doing what you want but what your kids want to do and hanging out together.
4149	It's alleged that he defrauded "monies and/or goods" below that value from a woman in St. John's last May.
4150	! its all going into their pockets but that's what happens to the LOW INFORMATION crowd that just jumps on the band waggon..
4151	It’s all of that and much more,” said Reena Aggarwal, a professor at Georgetown.
4152	It's all part of Open House London, an annual event now in its 22nd year that lets thousands of people wander around and gawp at some of the city's most impressive buildings -- as well as some lesser known gems.
4153	"It's almost like every single person who lives there (Houston) works in oil and gas," said Wade Lombard of Square Cow Movers, an Austin-based company with branches around the state.
4154	It's also a bad berry and nut year in NJ.
4155	It's also probably the only chance you'll ever get to see the Camelopardalis meteor shower.
4156	It's also the home of the self-declared Tibetan government in exile.
4157	"It's always different practising because the situations are different than in games.
4158	It's always in that $1.50 range.
4159	"It's always nice to go back to back, especially the way we've been winning." said Nestor.
4160	"It's a matter of them putting some wins together and getting the fan base to come back."
4161	"It's a means of getting the games back into the public domain," Sir Clive explains.
4162	It’s a minimum of three people, one who stays in a truck outside, and we think they used walkie-talkies.
4163	“It’s an advisory, not an effort to mandate labeling,” Hamburg said.
4164	"It's an extraordinary match to take part in. If we're determined and aggressive then we'll do well."
4165	"It's another in a long list of changes that will make this sport better than it already is."
4166	It’s anyone who hasn’t owned a home for the past two years.
4167	It’s a sentiment echoed among the messages of condolences written on boards at the memorial site.
4168	It's a sign of HP's confidence in Whitman as she continues a multiyear effort to get the lumbering Silicon Valley giant back on track.
4169	It's a small amount for a bank that makes several billion pounds a quarter profit.
4170	It’s a special court for me,” said Murray, who lost the 2012 Wimbledon final there, won that year’s London Olympics gold medal there, then won his historic title 12 months ago there.
4171	It's a strange request from a world in which automotive CEOs are usually doing everything they A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
4172	It’s a striking piece of hardware and definitely far better-looking than its smartwatch siblings.
4173	"It's a tough situation," he said.
4174	“It's a tough world and I tell my students they have got to have their heart and head in it because it is a short-lived career.”
4175	"It's a twofold concern; it's important that we have conversations within the kink community about consent and negotiations and the reality that does happen within the kink community" she said.
4176	It says SGI put out a request for proposals and chose Xerox Canada, based in Edmonton, as the most cost-effective vendor.
4177	It says that will help it keep priority streets clear after major snowfalls, as well as expand its regular snow-clearing services into new neighbourhoods.
4178	It says young children must be securely seated in the back of motor vehicles and if a child is under the age of 12 or cannot be correctly restrained by a seat belt, the child must not be transported in the passenger seat in the front of the car.
4179	It’s because of the quality, and Father Alberione was so big on that.
4180	It's been amazing and look for major FUN news coming soon," said Luke Slingshot, CEO.
4181	It's been great for me, too, and I'm happy to say that Byrd intends to keep going up every year to count the crop of young bald eagles.
4182	It's been more consistent," he said.
4183	It’s being invited to the dance, so to speak.”
4184	Its captivating, unsettling eroticism made it the stage event of 1905 and 1906.
4185	“It's common to exempt pedicabs and whatever they call them in different places, because they're not bicycles first of all, and they're built to be very stable.
4186	Its cultural practices, too, seem tinged with an almost naive optimism.
4187	Its decisions are usually binding and cannot be challenged in court.
4188	It's described as consisting of "mainly ambient and instrumental music" based on 1993-94 recording sessions for the group's last album, "The Division Bell."
4189	Its diplomats have also been on a vigorous campaign in recent months to counter the moves to drag North Korea to the court.
4190	It’s easy to remember his struggles in South Africa and forget that he’s pretty much scored at will since.
4191	It seems like fans can't get enough of their hilarity, and all eyes will once again be on them to keep the Globes flowing.
4192	It seems that ISIS has adopted Osama bin-Laden's PR tactics, since he also understood how easily the U.S. could be inflamed.
4193	It seems to have suffered multiple GSWs ranging from 22s to 9mm.
4194	"It seems to me only right that we add more resources to that review," he said on CBC's Metro Morning.
4195	It’s encouraging,” she said.
4196	It's enough to make you choke on your next Frankfurter!
4197	It's estimated that up to 80% of drug-resistant forms of the disease are now transmitted directly between people, rather than developing over time.
4198	"It's exhausting and you make mistakes by doing things like touching your face."
4199	“It’s extremely dangerous work, and these guys are all volunteers, they’re fishermen,” said Andrea Krebs, speaking for the IFAW.
4200	It's firm in the shadow of the ivied wall behind.
4201	Its focus is on research and development and the efficient use of neural networks.
4202	It's for Braden - for living, for school, for clothes, for everything that she wanted for him," Arcobasso said.
4203	"It's found its niche.
4204	It's FREE, sponsored by St Mary's Medical Center.
4205	“It’s funny,” the Notre Dame guard said during the NFL Scouting Combine.
4206	"It's fun to be in the competition and compete."
4207	Its goal is to establish Islamic rule, not democracy, in Syria.
4208	"It's going beyond the textbook; we try to get these kids engaged with their future," Hunt said.
4209	"It's going to be a difficult week.
4210	It's going to be exciting for me.
4211	"It's good to come out 2-1 and with a trophy and head into the break 6-3," Sikeston coach Matt Schonhoff said.
4212	It's here at least through Thursday.
4213	“It’s his home basically here.
4214	It's home to New York Knicks of the NBA and New York Rangers of the NHL as well as the venue of many concerts.
4215	It should be a warning to the state party that they need to get their crap together.
4216	It should be cheaper for cities to implement, of course, but it could also take a lot of the anxiety out of driving a gas-free vehicle -- you could theoretically park on any street knowing that your car will have more energy when you come back.
4217	It should be done by those who have no professional or financial conflicts.”
4218	It should look like science fiction.
4219	It showed the comet's surface was not as soft as previously believed.
4220	"It's huge," Azzariti said.
4221	“It’s illegal and it’s not worth it.”
4222	It's important for people to have a plan for getting home if they are going to drink, says Hartford.
4223	It's important to note that the Folio 1020 comes in two different models, only one of which is lighter than the Air.
4224	It's just onstage, I can't help it."
4225	“It’s less than one percent of the defense budget.”
4226	It's like it has been hit with an atomic bomb - totally flattened."
4227	It's making progress."
4228	It's millions of square feet of the latest in consumer technology standing in total silence.
4229	It's nice to at least see KOMO finally include pictures of the victim - y'know, the poor dead girl that everyone has been largely ignoring - in an article about poor, besmirched Amanda Knox.
4230	It's not a bad idea, but if the government wants it, the government should pay for it."
4231	It's not about the ashes.
4232	“It’s not a matter of money.
4233	"It's not an away game.
4234	"It's not a withdrawal," said Israeli Cabinet minister Amir Peretz told Channel 10 TV.
4235	It’s not clear why the talks ended without a bid, but previous rumors suggested Vodafone’s plans to invest in landline communications may turn AT&T off any deal.
4236	It’s not Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas weird, but the Deuce The Music-directed clip definitely matches the song’s laid-back vibe, and the sunset scenes are exceptionally beautiful.
4237	It's not like anything I've ever done in any other way.
4238	It’s not like I’m trying to force-feed him liver and kale.
4239	"It's not like we haven't seen this problem coming for over a year," Boehner said.
4240	"It's not one of those ones you can play through," Kipnis said.
4241	It’s not that the Democrats aren’t trying.
4242	It's not the first time the Red Bulls will face Arsenal - they squared off in 2011 in London as part of the Emirates Cup - but it is the first trip across the Atlantic for Arsenal in 25 years.
4243	"It's not the natural order of things."
4244	It’s not usually one thing that kills you, it’s usually several things,” he said of airplane crashes.
4245	It’s now basically up to the people on the ground in all 107 ridings.
4246	It’s now much less common to see angry customers bickering with staff at check-in desks.
4247	It’s now up to Montana Gov. Steve Bullock, and it’s unclear how he will proceed.
4248	It's now won 10 of the 12 Emmys given out in the category.
4249	"It's official recognition that these were good popes and we will follow their steps now," he says.
4250	"It's OK," her husband kept repeating, but Erin couldn't even look at him.
4251	It sold so well that Grove didn’t issue a paperback until 1966.
4252	It’s one of the highlights of the University’s summer orientation program.
4253	It's only two shakes a day, and the other three meals would be just regular food.
4254	It sound like a win win.
4255	It sounds chaotic, democratic.
4256	It sounds like mud waaaaaay back here and it’s more annoying than fun.
4257	It's our innovative spirit and passion for what we do.
4258	It's part of an escalating ad fight between the two candidates and outside groups in a race that could determine which party controls the Senate.
4259	Its population is aging and shrinking.
4260	It's possible a couple of kids were involved.
4261	It spreads through contact and bodily fluids.
4262	“It’s really difficult to feel like if you become a woman pastor, you can walk into any church community and there’s a potential that somebody is going to get really angry at you just for being who you are.”
4263	“It's really exciting for me and for everybody involved in the project to see what's possible in 3D printing.”
4264	It's robbing our children or our future children of the opportunity to ever see an animal like this in the wild.
4265	"It's so devastating on our family," he said.
4266	It's sorta like being abducted, kidnapped, stolen and maybe saved.
4267	"It's sort of a win-win situation for both the nonprofit and the young professional," says Hampshire, the program's CEO and founder.
4268	"It's still a huge building and the operating costs of it are far too great for a congregation of this size to sustain," said MacDonald.
4269	It's still a wonder to some (including me) how those tubes of engineering stay up in the sky.
4270	"It's still so early in the season.
4271	"It's still there, but it is melting away - and that partly explains why he's speeding up his comeback," said Bracq, referring to Sarkozy's comment on Wednesday that he would decide in August or September whether to seek public office again.
4272	It’s taken three decades for the Redhawks to get its chance at changing perception.
4273	It started in 2002 at the state level, where the CDC has helped dozens of local coalitions develop offices of prevention.
4274	“It started off as a wee small video, but now it’s an all-singing, all-dancing proper advert, about us, our town and how it has supported us," she said.
4275	"It starts with familiar flu-like symptoms," he wrote on the BBC Health site.
4276	It states Susana is a "petite 7-year-old girl," but she is only 6 according to the birth date listed on the report.
4277	Its team reported at least 1,075 people killed, including 757 civilians in the Ninevah, Diyala and Salahuddin provinces in northern and central Iraq, from June 5 through Sunday.
4278	It's testament to the job Jerry Kill has done with the Gophers that he was able to lock down one of the nation's top players.
4279	It’s the exception to the Rule of Sequels: Sequels, particularly sequels of sequels, are little more than naked grabs for cash.
4280	It’s the first time that’s happened in AP-GfK polling since Republicans took control of the House after the 2010 elections.
4281	"It's the last year of my contract, and I have had eight wonderful years here," Vidic said.
4282	It's the neighborhoods that are filled with rental properties and contain large populations of twenty- and thirty-somethings.
4283	It's the only one where there are no problems.
4284	It's time to actually start giving good, honest, fair legal advice to the people of Utah," said Stormont, a Democrat.
4285	It's Time to Get Serious About Our Flood Defences Last winter saw mass flooding hit the UK, in what was the wettest winter since records began in 1910.
4286	It's too early to figure out who is going to be on this American team, only that it will be difficult to earn one of the nine spots because the competition is deeper than ever.
4287	It's too early to tell whether "Dead Island 2" will solve all of them, but what we saw at E3 looks like a promising start.
4288	It’s totally an information overload.
4289	"It's tough in the hot sun and having to be on the side of the road with traffic and everything but it's a good experience, I love it," said Alyssa.
4290	It's true that Nashville is a pretty quiet town.
4291	"It sucks, it really does," he said.
4292	It suggested that Qatari security services were behind their disappearance and has called for their release.
4293	"It's unclear what sparked the fire.
4294	Its unique photo verification process provides pharmacies with documentation of every prescription.
4295	It's usually been like that every spring.
4296	Its video guidelines prohibit sexually explicit material or pornography, but allow artistic and non-sexual nudity.
4297	It's where his teachers recognized his curious nature, answering never-ending questions like how electricity got to light switches or why windows vibrated.
4298	It’s worth noting the best American player to emerge since 1998, Clint Dempsey, arose outside that system.
4299	“It teaches you to know that you can actually manage your own mental state, that you can have dominion and control over your own mind,” Garten says.
4300	It then downloads from the online music library to the user's music player, at no charge.
4301	"It took another five months and 1,000 deaths before the WHO declared this a public health emergency," said Piot, director of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.
4302	It ultimately decided against an inversion because the company wasn’t convinced the deal would pass IRS scrutiny.
4303	"It upsets me and it upsets this team."
4304	Ituran Location & Control Ltd, which makes devices for locating stolen vehicles, rose 5 percent in the week to a record.
4305	"It very much expresses the same issues and the rationale, in effect, for why the Energy Institute has been formed in New Brunswick," he said.
4306	“It was a big crowd – lots of parents and kids, too,” said Alex Ceja, whose son Jason was among the graduates.
4307	It was about five or six - it went out for a while.
4308	It was a complicated relationship.
4309	"It was a cool night, but I noticed I broke out in a sweat real quick, so it definitely affected me.
4310	It was a crushing blow.
4311	It was a fantasy of his.”
4312	It was almost a must-win game for the Royals, who lost the opener 7-1 while mustering only four hits.
4313	It was also 38 percent following the downgrade of the U.S. credit by Standard & Poor that August.
4314	It was also the first time since 2008 that Nevada casinos topped $11 billion in gambling revenues, said Mike Lawton, senior analyst with the Gaming Control Board.
4315	’ It was a Manning moment because he might not play after this season if his neck is at risk.
4316	"It was a miracle that anyone found him where he was at," said Darrell Williams, president of Harney County Search and Rescue.
4317	It was a revelation.
4318	It was a similar story in Kenema in eastern Sierra Leone.
4319	It was a site for training Royal Flying Corps in 1917.
4320	"It was a tough one for us but I'm proud of the boys," Lions captain Warren Whitely said.
4321	It was Chrysler's suggestion, according to Toll, who broke into the business with the purchase of the sprawling Reedman Auto World dealership in Langhorne in 2004.
4322	It was clear to her what happened to her husband, Eric Garner, outside a beauty shop in Tompkinsville.
4323	It was developed by Conservative MPs Rod Bruinooge and Rob Clarke.
4324	It was extraordinary because of the feeling of energy he felt from that fan base that kept growing — in size and dedication — and the lie he had managed to tell himself after each of the 11 times he lost.
4325	It was filed on behalf of victims of the Gujarat violence that claimed more than 1,000 lives, mostly Muslims.
4326	It was for long snapper Brandon Hartson.
4327	It was good to finally get one against a good team that we were very good."
4328	“It was hard, but that’s what you play for.
4329	It was hardly a Hall of Fame worthy first quarter for Manning, who watched the opening snap sail over his head for a safety to put Denver in an early hole.
4330	It was hard to find clothes that fit.
4331	It was his best option, albeit not a great one at that.
4332	It was in single digits in June and July, for the first time in back-to-back months since 1978.
4333	It was just this complete unknown territory."
4334	"It was Landon's last game, and it was fun to be a part of that, an honor.
4335	"It was life-changing; getting married and having my first daughter was one of the best things that ever happened to me," Mena said.
4336	It was not clear how the note came to the attention of authorities, but university police said it was sent to the FBI's office in Jackson this week.
4337	It was not clear whether the bishops are under investigation for alleged abuse, or for purported involvement in some sort of cover-up.
4338	"It was not easy and required input from all the engineers.
4339	It was not immediately clear if any one had been charged.
4340	It was not related to ongoing construction to renovate the mall.
4341	“It wasn’t always pretty, but these guys found a way to win and that’s what it’s all about.”
4342	"It was one of these lifetime journeys that we all dream about but only few pursue," she said.
4343	It was one of two huge plays that Wilson came up with to make up for his sometimes frenetic play.
4344	It was only about three or four per cent of the audience.
4345	It was only days later, Feinstein added, that Europe spoke out with similarly strong language - citing that as an instance of "American leadership."
4346	It was on sale for just a few hours before the company pulled it "due to the potential similarity with the Star of David," the company said.
4347	It was something that turned my life around and upside down, it puts you in a place where you can't function in a way you normally would,” Toronto resident Jacelyn Holmes told CBC.
4348	It was specifically the iPhone 4, with a low-energy Bluetooth signal that could be used to help the various components of the device communicate.
4349	It was Talbot’s first victory since another shutout at Edmonton on March 30 — a span of six games for the goalie.
4350	It was that comment that prompted Paquette to retain a lawyer to take her case to B.C.'s Human Rights Tribunal.
4351	It was the 30-year-old’s first title since 2012, when he won his home tournament in Munich.
4352	It was the brainchild of Donald Jackson, another artist with a one-of-a-kind job.
4353	It was the fewest points for a UW opponent since the Huskies allowed 36 to Washington State on Jan. 24, 1970.
4354	It was the first time the VA allowed the nonprofit Vietnam Veterans of America to hold an Agent Orange town hall at one of its hospitals, said Mokie Porter, spokeswoman for the group.
4355	It was the right verdict.
4356	It was titled “Yule Log Hotties.”
4357	"It was tougher than any Grey Cup I've been in and all the other things, in terms of us just battling," Chamblin said.
4358	It was turnover after turnover, and that can't happen."
4359	It was unclear whether the suspect and victim knew each other.
4360	It was unclear who asked Google to remove the stories.
4361	It weighs about 2/3 as much, and is noticeably smaller in width and height, while being just a hair thicker.
4362	It will aim to weigh Olympic overspend and waste against a possible boost to the crucial tourism industry — arrivals have almost doubled since 2004, from 11.7 to 20.1 million — foreign investment and employment.
4363	It will also go to other civilian sectors in a very horizontal spread to a very large cross-section of our society," Selvamurthy says.
4364	It will be a farm-to-table-themed steakhouse called Urban Farmer, according to Sage Restaurant Group, the Denver-based management company.
4365	It will be of paramount importance to throw Manning off-kilter, even without sacks, and Seattle’s front seven has been a pressure machine all season.
4366	It will be the first time anyone infected with the disease has been brought into the country.
4367	It will not go unpunished," Erdogan told his ruling party lawmakers in parliament.
4368	"It will probably bleed over into the September timeframe."
4369	It will work with women who have a high risk of developing heart disease and with those already dealing with cardiovascular problems.
4370	It won't be so friendly if everyone does that.
4371	It worked for a while.
4372	It worked immediately, and now I keep some handy for anyone needing it to quell a cough.
4373	It works for non-profits too.
4374	It would add 10 million jobs, boost charitable giving by $200 billion, provide an additional $300 billion for savings and investment, and lift 3 million Americans from poverty.
4375	It would also suggest that he had failed to rally the support he hoped for after toppling Egypt's first freely elected president, Islamist Mohamed Mursi, following street protests last year.
4376	It would arguably be the end not just of the free market, but of any notion of limited government.
4377	“It would be a great idea as far as I’m concerned," she said.
4378	"It would be a mistake to advertise to ISIL that there are safe havens for them outside of Iraq and Syria."
4379	It would give this country a second major tariff-free trading partner, while lessening Canada’s dependence on the U.S. market.
4380	It would go from a flexible, efficient, and open global network to a rigid, failure-prone network with walls.
4381	"It would have been inconceivable if it had become a meeting point for right-wing extremists," he added.
4382	It would have to be somebody pretty visionary to avoid the trap of making it cutesy: Please God no love story between Flora and the drones.
4383	It wraps up on Sunday.
4384	I understand the business more this year than I did last year.”
4385	I understand the concerns of those who felt we should have made the trip anyway.
4386	I used to jog — even almost naked in winter.
4387	IVAN ALVARADO / Reuters Argentina's fans wait for the start of the 2014 World Cup final soccer match between Germany and Argentina at a public square viewing area in Buenos Aires, July 13, 2014.
4388	"I've achieved the goal of getting to Boston.
4389	I’ve already done that in high school.
4390	“I've always told people, I'm not a rescue,” Lee said.
4391	I’ve been an extra in your life.”
4392	“I’ve been here when the cameras aren’t here, buddy, and done the work.”
4393	"I've been lucky enough to play in cup finals, but if any manager asked me, 'What's the biggest game you've been involved in', I'd say Newcastle v Sunderland," Pardew said.
4394	"I've been real patient with my iron shots," he said.
4395	"I've been through college for 2½ years — more than that actually — and I'm still a virgin.
4396	“I’ve done quite a bit of international traveling, but I’ve never been to Eastern Europe and I’ve never been to Russia.
4397	"I've done the same as my customers.
4398	I've gone up, I've gone down, I've been bankrupt, I've been broke.
4399	"I've got a strong feeling he's going to win the Open this year," said the Scot. "Hoylake is just idyllic for his type of game.
4400	I've had some of my most enjoyable England years in the back-end, in the last two years.
4401	I’ve had too many pedometers to count.
4402	I've had two private workouts – the Patriots and then today with the Falcons.
4403	“I’ve heard from American friends who heard Hakka music and bought a CD because it was so unique to them,” Lin said.
4404	"I've never seen anything like it in my life," said McClellan, who worked 24 years in the city's human services and health departments.
4405	I've read stories in the news.
4406	"I've seen friends get arrested and hurt; some have died, and I felt like I would've been in that in that world if I hadn't been in the library working toward being a better poet and a better writer."
4407	I've taken a look at the effect of the Giants outside Liverpool and the "powerful" pull they have on tourists.
4408	I’ve told him that,” Frenchman Platini said earlier this year.
4409	Ivory Coast would have advanced to the round of 16 with a draw.
4410	“I wake up in a complete state of terror to the point that I would rather not sleep,” he said, adding that his faith had helped pull him through.
4411	“I want law enforcement to do its job in an effective way pursuant to the rule of law,” said Smith.
4412	"I want the president to succeed," Brown said.
4413	'I want to understand why it's not working and how we get everyone back working together.'
4414	I was a firefighter for 15 years; broken pipe calls are the worst.
4415	I was appalled when I found out banks were lending five times," he said.
4416	"I was a stranger & you did/did not welcome me".
4417	I was a very, very shy child, and acting was an escape for me.
4418	“I was born here, raised here.
4419	“I was getting a little restless,” he said.
4420	“I was going to play every play for her — just give it my all.
4421	"I was going to the net and got a slash on my wrist," Hartnell said.
4422	“I was in a lot of pain,” said Durden-Bosely, who made no mention in the interview of cursing at Shepherd.
4423	"I was in shock for losing my daughter.
4424	"I was like, 'Where's all the corruption in the script?'
4425	"I was moved between my grandmothers, my mother, my aunts and my uncles a lot because my mother and her boyfriend sometimes couldn't support me."
4426	“I was never really looking forward to going to prom,” Maselli said.
4427	“I wasn’t any good at it when I started baking it first.
4428	“I wasn’t the smoothest player on the ice,” said Thibodeau.
4429	I was on that road 20 minutes before the wreck.
4430	"I was really proud of the effort tonight," said Lion Coach Jerry Castor.
4431	"I was shocked, in some ways," Hasselbeck said, adding that she's sure Shepherd is also shocked.
4432	I was the second officer on the scene.”
4433	I was the slowest.
4434	"I was very uneducated about prosthetics and it was a huge surprise and complete, not only disappointment, but devastation that I couldn't just put on a prosthetic and just walk and go.
4435	“I was wrong in my initial anger toward Judge Schaller,” Miller said.
4436	"I went deep into the game.
4437	I went to visit her whenever I could but I would have liked her to be able to see her grandchildren every day via Skype or any video conference application."
4438	I will refrain from cursing at, belittling or engaging in conversations that will cause my partner or employees to be disenfranchised by my words.
4439	I wish at some point the machinists realized that..
4440	"I wish it was just 15 minutes of fame.
4441	"I wish Premier Redford would have stayed until the next election but unfortunately her party didn't want her," he said.
4442	“I wish someone would tell us something.”
4443	I wonder how much that may have distorted his perceptions & encouraged his actions which went contrary to the way he was described by some.
4444	"I won't agree to any proposal that will not enable the Israeli military to complete this important task for the sake of Israel's security."
4445	'I won't be long my dear.
4446	I would be best for his health and the health of our country.
4447	“I would definitely want a female guide.
4448	I would guess at some point he might be back in the starting lineup because when he and Goran (Dragic) were in there, we were pretty good (12-6 as the starting backcourt).
4449	“I would not want to have been on board, or near it, or anything,” said Bibb.
4450	I would think a pilots worst nightmare would being doing something wrong, killing an airplane full of people and living to have to think about your mistake and the lost lives for the rest of your life.
4451	Jackson Cross came in 12th in 9:47.
4452	Jackson had faced criticism over his department's handling of the Brown shooting and the protests in its aftermath.
4453	Jacks says the organization hasn't received any financial help since January and their main food vendors aren't giving as much as they used too.
4454	Jack started a fundraising campaign for cancer research.
4455	Jamaica-179 St-bound F trains will run along the M line from 47-50 Sts Rock Ctr to Jackson Hts-Roosevelt Av, starting at 9:45 p.m. tonight and ending at 5 a.m. on Monday.
4456	Jamal Crawford from Rainier Beach High School scored 16 points for L.A., including two free throws that gave the Clippers the lead with 11 seconds to go.
4457	James Cheng Dr. Joffre Olaya, a neurosurgeon at Seattle Children's Hospital, has been monitoring the care of Olivia Jackman.
4458	James Forcillo to face added charge URBAN PLANNING Addison Hall death: Are mall parking lots too dangerous?
4459	James Guillory, USA TODAY Sports Jan. 27 third star: Pittsburgh Penguins goalie Marc-Andre Fleury squeezes a glove save against the Dallas Stars in his fourth shutout of the season.
4460	James Lewis: The current technique is called "phishing."
4461	James recalls a girl fainting right in front of her -- a common sight during the height of Beatlemania.
4462	James Reynolds, 19, and Nicole Simons, 22, pleaded guilty as charged last week to seven count of malicious mischief.
4463	Jamie Dimon: Four years ago, the U.S. was almost at the bottom of the recession.
4464	Jang was executed last December on charges of treason and corruption.
4465	January 12, 1906 - The Dow closes at 100.25, the first close above 100. October 24, 1929 - The Stock Market crash of 1929 begins which leads to the Great Depression of the 1930s.
4466	January 12, 2010 - A 7.0 magnitude earthquake strikes 14 miles west of Haiti, destroying most of the capital of Port-au-Prince.
4467	January 17, 2014 - A jury finds Ray Adams and Samuel Crump of Georgia guilty of plotting to make ricin.
4468	January 2005 - A judge orders Nader and his running mate, Peter Camejo, to pay over $80,000 in legal fees incurred by a group who challenged Nader's petitions to get on the Pennsylvania ballot.
4469	January 25th: Week Umpteen.
4470	January’s number is almost double the next highest monthly total since the website adopted its current methods in January 2012.
4471	Japanese rival Toyota also topped sales estimates.
4472	Japan faced criticism for a tame second-half display against Ivory Coast which saw Wilfried Bony and Gervinho hit the net in the 64th and 66th minutes following the introduction of powerful forward Didier Drogba moments earlier.
4473	Jared Leto put in work in order to fully become Rayon, a transsexual diagnosed with AIDS in "Dallas Buyers Club."
4474	Jared Miller (7-2) got the win for two innings of relief after Walker Buehler.
4475	Jason and his mother are among at least 500 catadores (collectors) who live on what they unearth there.
4476	Jay's cutting was 'one of the most painful and frightening experiences imaginable.
4477	Jay Z has long been a fan of Basquiat.
4478	Jazmen Marie Magana 5pts Vincent I like how you say ignorant teenager yet your the one calling a young lady stupid so who's the ignorant and rude one?
4479	Jeb Bush and Chris Christie were pointedly not invited and, in the group’s presidential straw poll, Bush only received two votes.
4480	Jeb Bush doesn't like process stories, the kinds of stories that focus on how candidates are running their campaigns or positioning themselves relative to other candidates.
4481	Jeff Browaty’s calls for a referendum are answered.
4482	Jefferson added 10 points and 18 rebounds for Charlotte, and Chris Douglas-Roberts finished with 13 points after being held scoreless for the first three quarters.
4483	Jefferson Graham heads to Venice Beach to find out.
4484	Jefferson, who signed a three-year, $41 million contract with the Bobcats in July, powered them to a 62-49 halftime lead with 18 points and eight rebounds.
4485	Jeff Farr, Vice President, ResorTime, said "We continue to deploy new technologies that enable our guests and lodging partners to find each other, allowing us to deliver better rates and services to both segments.
4486	Jenkintown Mayor Ed Foley, in a gut-busting campaign to draw attention to the tiny borough's varied restaurant scene, set out to visit all 24 of them on Saturday, starting with a pre-dawn visit to IHOP.
4487	Jennifer Jamieson said in an email to CBC News that she does not believe this new system of report cards is serving students appropriately.
4488	Jennifer Westbrook, Katie's mom, also has the syndrome, but said the effects really manifested in her daughter.
4489	Jenny McColl, who owns Oringa Park near York, said the family farm used to grow wheat, but in the past few years had switched to oats.
4490	Jerry Lai, USA TODAY Sports Chicago Blackhawks right wing Ben Smith (28) celebrates with center Marcus Kruger (16) after scoring a goal against the Los Angeles Kings during the second period.
4491	Jessica Palys, an enrollment counselor for the Campaign for Better Health Care in Chicago, showed the Lamberts the new tool.
4492	JetBlue responded in a tweet, saying that FAA regulations prevented the crew from allowing Deveraux to use the bathroom.
4493	Jeter, a Huntersville Republican who just won a second term, is running for chairman of the Republican Conference, a leadership post that would put him in charge of his party’s election campaign.
4494	JETS: Owner says competition is on SANCHEZ: Top 5 possible destinations There is also Sanchez's connection to Rams offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer, who served in the same capacity with the Jets from 2009 to 2011 with Sanchez.
4495	"Jewish parents, for years, have felt like they were missing out on the social media phenomenon, and now we're giving them that outlet.
4496	Jill Brothers is on Team Nova Scotia, which is heading to the 2014 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Montreal this week.
4497	Jim Lewis, a senior fellow for the Center for Strategic & International Studies, said he thought the bill was functional.
4498	Joan and Walter Mondale both attended the St. Paul liberal arts school, though they were a few years apart.
4499	Job search March 1, 2011 1:17 PM Hey, I just hopped over to your site via StumbleUpon.
4500	Jocelyn Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she called an ambulance to her home in Pleck House on 29 October because she was suffering severe pains.
4501	Jodi Arias Fails in New Try at Avoiding Death Penalty Jodi Arias has failed to convince an Arizona judge that she should be spared the death penalty for killing an ex-boyfriend, according to court documents.
4502	Jodi Richey of Faith Regional Health Services in Norfolk says the victims were brought into the hospital after at least one of the twisters devastated Pilger.
4503	“Joe made a great pass, Trey made a helluva play and a helluva shot,” Hayward said.
4504	Johan Sundstrom made his debut for the Islanders, the ninth rookie to play for them this season.
4505	John Greathead, search and rescue manager.
4506	John Hanger is former Pennsylvania secretary of environmental protection and now a Democratic candidate for governor calling for safer crude transportation.
4507	John Kirby on Wednesday addressed the allegations at a press briefing in Washington.
4508	John McCain and Chris Christy say they are Republicans, but their behavior shows us they are More.
4509	John Milios, Chief Economist for the opposition Syriza Party’s Economic Policy Committee, speaks dur … Syriza's recipe for boosting growth is through a fiscal stimulus, targeted at lower incomes in order to boost their spending power.
4510	John Mummert, AP Kansas Jayhawks guard Andrew Wiggins (22) is looking to steal the top spot in the 2014 draft.
4511	John P. Runde Cloud stripes: Parallel rows of clouds -- known as "cloud streets" -- appear over Alabama last month.
4512	John Ribeiro covers outsourcing and general technology breaking news from India for The IDG News Service.
4513	Johnson, for his part, resisted GOP lawmakers who cited excerpts of the president's previous remarks, but also said he had looked at Mr. Obama's previous statements and concluded, "I do not believe that what we have done is inconsistent with that."
4514	Johnson has yet to post a top-25 finish at TPC Sawgrass but he has four top-10s, including a win at the World Golf Championships-HSBC Champions, in the wrap-around season to date.
4515	Johnson said about three dozen people visit the center each month.
4516	Johnson said he wants to protect the rights of protesters, and he urged leaders of peaceful protests to step forward and speak out against violence.
4517	Johnson was southbound on Route 45 near White County Road 550N when his truck veered into the other lane, then into a yard before coming to rest in a driveway.
4518	John Wall scored 22 points, and Trevor Ariza added 20 for the Wizards, who hadn’t had a winning record since beating the New Jersey Nets to improve to 2-1 on Halloween in 2009.
4519	Join Daffnee on her journey at DaffneeCohen.
4520	Join us in the evolution from capacity monitoring to capacity optimization in your data center. more See all Face-to-Face See all Virtual Conferences InfoWorld Video Home See all Technologies You are previewing premium content.
4521	Jones inspired by Vonetta Flowers By Kelly Whiteside The U.S. Olympic Committee will send the largest athlete delegation for any nation in the history of the Winter Games with 230 athletes heading to Sochi, Russia.
4522	Jordan's King Abdullah II said his country was facing an "overwhelming burden" because of the 1.4 million Syrian refugees who had fled there.
4523	Jose Salvador Alvarenga's health was "very frail" and won't return home until he is able to make the journey, Diego Dalton, an official with El Salvador's embassy in Tokyo, said Saturday.
4524	Josh Miller/CNET At the center of the dashboard, a portable tablet handles infotainment functions such as GPS, audio controls, and climate controls.
4525	Josh Powell had been previously linked to child pornography, The Tribune reported.
4526	Jo, who replaced him in the second half, was no more convincing.
4527	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Richard Gasquet put France back in the Davis Cup final by winning the doubles and ending the two-year reign of the Czech Republic on Saturday.
4528	JPMorgan spokesman Brian Marchiony declined to comment.
4529	Juan Carlos Perez covers enterprise communication/collaboration suites, operating systems, browsers and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service.
4530	Judge Mark Henry set bond at $1,500 on the false information charge but held Matthew without bond on the fugitive count.
4531	July 24, 2014 -- Updated 1135 GMT (1935 HKT) Formula One is not likely to go hungry in Hungary as master chefs cater in volume for drivers, teams and VIP guests.
4532	“July 4th has proven to be one of the deadliest days of the year for traffic deaths," said David Parsons, AAA Carolinas president and CEO, in the released travel forecast.
4533	July 8, 2014 -- Updated 0344 GMT (1144 HKT) With a population of 1.3 billion, you'd think that there would be 11 people in China who are good enough to put up a fight on the football pitch.
4534	June 11, 2012 - Burnt remains of Coudray-Greaves were found in a cane field close to Montego Bay.
4535	June 18, 2013 -- Updated 1758 GMT (0158 HKT) Death row inmates deal with demons in different ways.
4536	June 30, 2014 - GM recalls 8.23 million mostly older cars linked by the automaker to three deaths.
4537	June 6, 2014 - A Wisconsin federal judge strikes down the state's same-sex marriage ban.
4538	Jurors will hear allegations that Regusters had searched online for information about destroying DNA evidence — her DNA was found on the girl's T-shirt — and buying Muslim clothing.
4539	Just because someone earns 150 grand a year, it doesn't mean they have to pay more tax.
4540	Just before Riopelle's death, Tichelman had been arrested on a battery charge after her boyfriend told police that she bit his hand during an argument.
4541	"Just from their name, Dragon Guys, its like the Yakuza in Japan or the Triad from the Chinese.
4542	Just give it up."
4543	Just having Morgan on the bench was a surprise.
4544	Just head to the Androidify website or download the app from Google Play and get customizing.
4545	Justice Adams, meanwhile, told the jury that while Pynn and Butler are being tried together, they are not obliged to hand down the same verdict against the two accused.
4546	Justice Stephen Breyer wrote in the majority opinion that Aereo effectively operates like a cable company and must therefore pay for broadcast rights.
4547	Justin Bieber is a documented fan of public shirtlessness and singing songs to his grandmother in the nude.
4548	Justin stated that he was fearful that this could happen," the warrants read, much like those released Saturday.
4549	Just like my clients, you may be amazed at yourself when you eliminate artificial sweeteners and reduce your dependency on sugar.
4550	Just mentioning the First Amendment in a social studies class isn't' enough."
4551	Just months after giving birth, Beyonce was red-carpet ready at the Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York on May 7, 2012.
4552	Just one dollar.
4553	Just this past week, Erdogan locked horns with a prominent member of the media, lashing out at Economist and Taraf reporter Amberin Zaman at a campaign rally, in which he described her as a "militant in the guise of a journalist."
4554	Just to show our support.
4555	Just two weeks ago, American startup Electric Objects launched its EO1 picture frame, which is very similar to Framed, onto Kickstarter.
4556	Just yesterday, the Financial Times reported that Apple is set to debut a new smart home control platform at the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC), scheduled for June 2 in San Francisco.
4557	KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — A militant car bomb prematurely exploded overnight in eastern Afghanistan, killing nine insurgents and four civilians, authorities said Sunday.
4558	Karo Thomas scored a career high 25 points and pulled down nine rebounds to pace the Lady Mustangs.
4559	Karzai made the statement after being presented with the findings of an investigation into a joint Afghan-U.
4560	Karzai, who is constitutionally required to step down after two terms in office, has refused to sign an agreement to keep international forces in Afghanistan, also known as the Status of Forces Agreement.
4561	Kasem played a cell phone recording for reporters, allegedly of Casey Kasem reacting to the judge's decisions.
4562	Kasem's kids take stepmom to court Daughter Julie Kasem and her husband, a cardiologist, filed a petition in court days later asking a judge to give them control of Kasem's medical care.
4563	Kate, a keen sailor, beat husband Prince William’s team — twice — when the two raced America’s Cup yachts with Kiwi team members in New Zealand during their Down Under tour in April.
4564	Kate gives birth to royal son It's a boy!
4565	Katherine Grace Kelly 5pts You try to kill, someone expect the same in return.
4566	Kathy, for many years before that day and many years after, accompanying ever more witnesses to Robben Island: presidents and their families, prime ministers, poets.
4567	Katrina Barlow: 206-464-3251 or kbarlow@seattletimes.com Want unlimited access to seattletimes.com? Subscribe now!
4568	Kawar also has said Jordan prefers a resolution agreed upon by all 15 Security Council members.
4569	KCNA mentioned that Marshal Kim was at the first concert and yet, when they showed the slide show on their website, Marshal Kim was nowhere to be seen.
4570	Keats is accused of sexually assaulting a 71-year-old woman.
4571	Keegan Bradley, Jason Day Phil Mickelson, Tiger Woods It's the obvious, safe pick, but there is no doubt he will be in the mix Sunday.
4572	Keep a close eye on how the Pentagon funds operations in Iraq.
4573	Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest on this story.
4574	Keeping track of what you put in your mouth is a practice you can keep up for life.
4575	Keep up the good work! thai cam girls April 4, 2011 7:22 AM I have infer from a few of the articles on your website at this very moment, and I really like your fashionableness of blogging.
4576	Keep up the saturation!
4577	Keep your whining.
4578	Keiko was released near Iceland before experts could identify his original pod, against Balcomb's protests.
4579	Keith Warriner, a food science professor at the University of Guelph, said labelling is good as long as the message is simple.
4580	Keller said he did not know how many extradition requests the U.S. had filed with Iraq over the years, and a Department of Justice spokesman declined to answer the question.
4581	Kelley L Cox, USA TODAY Sports S Mike Mitchell: Signed with Steelers (previous team: Panthers).
4582	KellyAnn Rooney and Jenna Klaes also had 11 points each for Wesleyan (10-3, 1-0 in the conference).
4583	Kelly McGillis, known as who starred opposite Tom Cruise in "Top Gun," revealed she's gay on lesbian website SheWired.com. McGillis, who was married twice to men and has two daughters, said, "It's a part of being true to yourself.
4584	Kelly Rowland: A Week in the Life of an X Factor Judge It's been a crazy week for me, with so much going on, both personally and with the X Factor.
4585	Ken Clarke is among the old guard to have stood down and Foreign Secretary William Hague has moved to a lower profile role as Commons leader.
4586	Kennedy's car was later found outside Harvey, with Scott driving.
4587	"Kenny Wheaton is going to score!
4588	Kentucky Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes is a prime example of a candidate keen to benefit from Clinton's heft.
4589	Kenyan health officials take passengers' temperature as they arrive at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport on Thursday, August 14, in Nairobi, Kenya.
4590	Kerry said the Solomon Islands stands to benefit from U.S. funding for programs to deal with the effects of climate change in the Asia-Pacific region.
4591	Kevin Liles USA TODAY Sports Defending champion Justin Rose hits an iron shot to the green.
4592	Kevin Sangregory and Blake Stump each singled for the Panthers.
4593	Key is finding and tracking anyone who was in close contact with the patient from the time he fell ill until he was put in isolation, said CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden.
4594	Keystone, by contrast, has seen virtually every detail scrutinized by U.S. media and environmental groups, who have fervently questioned the project's promises for job creation, spill-prevention and climate change impacts.
4595	Khan told supporters: "No one will trespass into any building."
4596	Kicillof said he did not participate in the meeting with Pollack, saying the main purpose of his visit was to address the Group of 77 and highlight the potential global consequences of the ruling.
4597	Kidd's offensive philosophy – sharing and moving the ball quickly and finding the open shooter – suited Teletovic skills.
4598	Kids educating parents "At home, the kids do what they are told by their teacher," says Patrice Combary of the National Malaria Control Program.
4599	Kiev has accused Moscow of supplying the rebels with weapons and smuggling them across the border.
4600	Kim Kardashian bares butt to "Break the Internet" Nearly every state faces big chill Watch CBS News anytime, anywhere with the new 24/7 digital news network.
4601	Kim rains on weather service Leader Kim Jong-un has censured the Hydro-Meteorological Service for “incorrect” weather forecasts in a rare dressing down of a government body.
4602	Kinda figured this is how it would work out.
4603	@King Leer How about the dozens of execs along with multiple presidents/vice presidents and don't forget about those investment groups who are purchasing hospitals.
4604	King was charged with breaking out of a dwelling, larceny after breaking and entering, conspiracy to commit breaking and entering, and conspiracy to commit felony larceny.
4605	Kirk Triplett, a graduate of Pullman High, is tied for 10th after a 72 for a 1-under 141 total.
4606	Kirk won the Deutsche Bank Championship the previous week, and he surprised even himself when twice — a career high — he pumped his fist after making a putt.
4607	Knapp has translated those moments into anecdotes he can share when he meets with deep-pocketed donors – an ever more important part of his job as the face of GW during its $1 billion fundraising campaign.
4608	Knaul had sent a preliminary report to the ministry and this would be studied.
4609	Knowing that the grand jury transcript may someday be released and scrutinized, he will seek to create a record that demonstrates fairness and objectivity in the presentation of the case.
4610	Knowing the legitimacy of Pearson and their engagement, we didn't feel that we had a high risk that this was going to be a test that was seriously flawed," Page says.
4611	Known as license plate readers, the cameras have a lot more capability than the human eye.
4612	Known as the "Best in the World" in WWE, Punk is just another rookie in UFC.
4613	Known as the Survivor Outreach and Support Campus Act, this bill would require colleges and universities to establish an independent, on-campus advocate to support victims of sexual assault.
4614	Known for manufacturing automobiles and music legends, Detroit and its economy took a major hit when General Motors and Chrysler Group filed for bankruptcy, sending unemployment to a staggering 27.8% in 2009.
4615	Kobane situation 'dangerous' - US US pledges $212m in aid to Gaza Is The Shard the best building in the UK?
4616	Ko lost the primary to KMT Legislator Lin Tsang-min (林滄敏).
4617	@Komo Dragon He was too lazy?
4618	Kongolo is joined by fellow Feyenoord defenders Bruno Martins Indi, Stefan de Vrij and Daryl Janmaat.
4619	Koretz even went so far as to say in a release about the bill that he would ask his daughter not to use Uber because he regards the service as "unsafe."
4620	Kosack said that no hunting-related accidents were reported as of Monday afternoon.
4621	Krakow withdrew its bid for the 2022 Winter Olympics last month after Poles voted against the project in a referendum, while Stockholm pulled out in December when politicians declined to give financial backing.
4622	KREM 2 News spoke over the phone with the brothers’ neighbors in Arizona.
4623	Kremlin allies still accuse him of having "blood on his hands" from vendettas against his early business competitors.
4624	KristianColasacco 5pts I don't think Chandler said anything wrong or that wasn't 100% true.
4625	Kristin Cavallari steps out in floral romper Kaley Cuoco on pixie haircut: 'Do I look like Justin Bieber?'
4626	Krums: I actually shoot mostly with Instagram.
4627	KTH: Ron Paul's debate airtime The RidicuList: Scrabble-rousers!
4628	Kuo Chin-lin and Tsai arrived at the scene to find that the Lions pitcher and his friend, who were in the area on a late-night fishing trip, had helped the 66-year-old man, also surnamed Kuo (郭), onto a bench.
4629	KUSA Four students were taken to the hospital and 24 were treated on the scene after they had reactions on the school playground on Monday afternoon at Jefferson County Open School.
4630	Kyle Whittingham topped the list in 2013 ($1,989,390), 2012 ($1,949,790), and 2011 ($1,524,900).
4631	Kyodo news agency said the city of Iwate had issued an evacuation advisory.
4632	Laced with walker-friendly semi-developed and primitive trails — all open to the public — it’s home to a variety of birds, both local and migratory, as well as deer, otter, eagles and raccoons.
4633	Ladysmith Black Mambazo, whose rhythmic a cappella performances preserve the musical traditions of South Africa's black mine workers, shared the Grammy for their live album "Singing for Peace Around the World."
4634	LA has recently seen an explosion in Korean BBQ taco trucks, for example.
4635	Lajoie and Main also criticized the current administration for high turnover at the jail, saying it stems from poor morale.
4636	Lake Mendocino averages 500,000 visitors a year.
4637	Lamar said he didn't know what prompted the reversal "other than he changed his mind and did not want to withdraw the plea."
4638	Lanky and pale, with a thatch of fair hair and wide, sad eyes, this shy and haunted refugee is ever the escape artist, never at home or at peace, except in fleeting moments of belonging.
4639	LaQuieu shared a scripture and led the crowd in singing "We Gather Together" and "We Are So Blessed/Thank You Lord."
4640	Large data sets received by chips are typically broken down and migrated across multiple cores, which have their own cache to temporarily store data.
4641	Larry and Ronda Arnett filed the class action lawsuit in Oregon in 2011, and it was joined by several other cases originally filed elsewhere.
4642	Larry Rousseau, a regional vice-president for the Public Service Alliance of Canada, would like to see the return of the old daycare model.
4643	Last chances to see Shania Twain Country superstar ending Las Vegas shows in December.
4644	Last fall, Obama sought congressional authorization to launch airstrikes against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who had been accused of using chemical weapons.
4645	Last fall, U.S. District Judge David Carter found CCA in contempt of court for understaffing the prison in violation of a settlement reached three years ago with Idaho inmates and the American Civil Liberties Union.
4646	Last fiscal year gov't had projected revenue of $55 billion and anticipated a deficit of $6.4 billion.
4647	Last March, a pilot and four skydivers were killed in eastern Australia during takeoff from an airstrip at Caboolture near Brisbane.
4648	Last-Minute Father's Day Camera Deals Want the perfect gift without breaking the bank?
4649	Last month, GM announced the creation of a victims' compensation fund and it has promised to improve handling of safety defects.
4650	Last month, he opted out of a deal that would have paid him $42 million over the next two seasons.
4651	Last month, KING 5 uncovered documents showing the container traffic was at just 38 percent of capacity, and that consolidation should be considered.
4652	Last season, PSG won the league with 83 points — a total it has equaled — and finished 12 points ahead of Marseille and 16 clear of Lyon.
4653	Last September it received a $450,000 emergency subsidy from the Quebec government, but that wasn't enough to help the intercity bus company balance its books.
4654	Last Updated: 9 hours ago INDIANAPOLIS - Plumbers were busy across Indiana on Wednesday responding to service calls after freezing temperatures wreaked havoc on water lines and caused pipes to burst.
4655	Last Wednesday, Kwanchai Praipana, an outspoken leader of the pro-government "red shirt" movement, was seriously injured after an unidentified gunman opened fire as he sat reading a newspaper on his front porch.
4656	Last week, Mahlab and his ministers submitted their resignations to make way for a new government following el-Sissi's election, but he was asked by the new president to return to the post.
4657	Last week, reports on social media said health care workers had refused to treat MERS-CoV patients.
4658	Last week, Tennant was released from jail in another county on an unrelated offense then transported to Vienna for arraignment on a first-degree burglary charge.
4659	Last week the Cape Girardeau Area Chamber of Commerce hosted its annual Educator Appreciation Reception at the Show Me Center.
4660	Last year, 34 students attended the event, with 21 students being extended an internship offer.
4661	Last year, alone, the U.S. also engaged in combat operations in Afghanistan, Libya, Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen.
4662	Last year Clarke also launched Tesco's "Price Promise" price-matching scheme, which gives customers coupons if their basket of shopping proves to be cheaper at big four rivals but not the discounters.
4663	"Last year, even if they liked our technology they didn't believe we'd survive, so they didn't want to commit to our technology.
4664	Last year's increased demand helped Sturm Ruger (RGR) open a new factory in Mayodan, N.C., where the company started producing rifles in November.
4665	Last year's winner, Page Out, an app co-founded by a volunteer firefighter and a coder in Wichita, Kansas, that helps organize and mobilize first responders in an emergency, took the top prize of $10,000.
4666	Last year the prize went to Park City.
4667	Last year, the S&P 500 plunged 16.9% in October.
4668	Last year was my turn," Scott said.
4669	Last year we released 35 new products in seven product lines, including two new product lines.
4670	Later it emerged he had helped a neighbour’s daughter who was trying to get admitted to a hospital because she was ill and pregnant.
4671	Later, they received a call from someone which gave them grounds to enter the home.
4672	Later, Turkish police used armored cars to push people back from the village.
4673	Latest blow to Aereo: Mass layoffs By Brian Stelter @brianstelter November 6, 2014: 3:45 PM ET Big win for broadcasters against Aereo Aereo, which has been offline since the Supreme Court ruled against it in June, is now laying off most of its staff.
4674	Latest MomsEveryday News When you make decisions on important purchases, you want to know who you are trading with!
4675	“Latinos as consumers are quick adapters to technology,” he said.
4676	"Latinos have other things to worry about, like the lack of voter participation.
4677	Lauer and Vieira, of course, had been sitting in for Costas on NBC’s primetime coverage of the Winter Games in Sochi while Costas recovered from the ailment.
4678	Laurence at home with his family, trying to be nice..
4679	Laurie Segall has the details.
4680	"Lava bombs rolled down to the sea and splashed in the water," said Marc Szeglat, a videographer who specializes in volcanoes.
4681	Lawrence told Vanity Fair that the iCloud hack isn't "a scandal.
4682	Lawrence Yun, chief economist for the National Association of Realtors, said home-price appreciation in the Seattle market in 2014 will be “maybe in the high single digits,” driven by job growth and a stubbornly tight inventory of homes for sale.
4683	Layman said there needs to be more education and a focus on children and youth who could develop mental illness later in life, and people shouldn't be too quick to judge the situation.
4684	Lazar, Lois Butler Rouse Trammell, 85, of West Columbia, died Friday, May 30, 2014.
4685	Lazarus said the committee will likely start with the more than 80 leftover projects that were not used in the 2006 RIDE II referendum where voters approved to spend $425 million from a one-cent sales tax, which expired this spring.
4686	@Lbaba ironic is putting it mildly.
4687	Leaders are expected to back plans to establish a rapid reaction force near Russia's border to deter Moscow from provocations in the region.
4688	LEADERS OF THE PACK The Royals have not trailed since the first inning of Thursday's game in Arizona, a span of 44 innings.
4689	"Leading, I say respectfully, does not mean meeting in Munich for discussions, it means committing resources," U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told the 50th annual Munich Security Conference this weekend.
4690	Leafs Lupul, Peter Holland, Daniel Winnik and Stephane Robidas are all former Ducks.
4691	LeAnn said her social studies teacher, Carol Benson, welcomed her.
4692	"Leave enough oxygen for everybody else," Lynn advised.
4693	Leave your trust issues at the door, since it’s time to get serious and accomplish.
4694	Lebel asked Accurso if he was trying to glean insider information from Abdallah, but Accurso said he was just trying to find out what was going on.
4695	LeDuff, too, was forced to flee after he and his cameraman were attacked by a criminal in the middle of an American city street.
4696	Lee Gunderson says they are one of winter's passing joys in Canada.
4697	Lee told the trial at the Gwangju District Court in southern South Korea that he will continue to pray for the souls of the dead people until he dies, according to South Korean media including Yonhap news agency.
4698	Left-hander Mickelson and his playing partners are scheduled to tee off at 1348 on Thursday.
4699	Legal experts said the cases are likely just two of many that will be filed over the data breach.
4700	Legislation is coming to the SF Board of Supervisors which might relax the current threshold of 11 locations to trigger chain store restrictions in some San Francisco neighborhoods.
4701	Legislation moving through the N.C. Senate this week would force Duke to close all its ash ponds within 15 years but does not address costs other than for spills.
4702	Leitsinger previously worked at CNN.com in Hong Kong as a digital producer, where she collaborated with the network's television staff in Asia to produce enterprise stories for the website.
4703	Lemonidis said her client and his girlfriend left the scene after the shooting, fearing that they had encountered gang members and that more would follow.
4704	Lenetta Mills-Cloud 5pts No doubt!
4705	Leno's Tonight tenure was second in length only to Carson's 30 years.
4706	LePage is in a tight fight with Democratic U.S. Rep. Mike Michaud for the governor's office, and independent candidate Eliot Cutler trails them.
4707	Lesiyampe said Kenya Wildlife Service statistics on elephants and rhino populations are correct and have been audited by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
4708	Lessner: On our microscopic level we're trying to in quantify outreach and success by how many people are speaking up at our screenings or on the website.
4709	Less than that, and the batch will come out crispy.
4710	Let me be more precise.
4711	Let me get this straight!
4712	"Let me talk to you about being out of touch.
4713	"Let's address the problem, and if we need more workers bring them in. And this whole problem should be tied to the unemployment rate … and there needs to be some money put in for retraining.
4714	"Let's be honest, the team with the biggest budget and the biggest squad normally wins the league but it doesn't always work like that.
4715	Let’s face it —Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice “didn’t count” in this sense for many, because they worked for a Republican, and deeply controversial, administration.
4716	Let’s face it, fresh summer strawberries and tomatoes taste far better than their winter cardboard counterparts.
4717	Let's hear it for England and St George, says council Maidstone's Town Team will stage more music and entertainment in Jubilee Square Celebrate the Chinese New Year in Maidstone Click here for more news from Maidstone.
4718	Let's just reiterate here that the speed limit along this stretch of McGuinness has been 25 mph for not just a day, but seven months.
4719	"Let us be able to tell our children and our grandchildren that we did not just keep our country together, we changed our country together.
4720	Let us know in the discussion thread below.
4721	Lewinsky later tweeted that she was "excited (and nervous)" to speak at the event.
4722	Lewy body dementia is the second most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer's, according to the Mayo Clinic.
4723	Liberal Leader Sandy Silver has criticized Yukon Energy for beginning some of the work before YESAB recommendations, but he expects the project will go ahead.
4724	Liberia has reported 8 suspected cases of EHF, including 6 deaths, with travel histories to Guekedou district.
4725	Liberty Township police said they do not suspect foul play.
4726	License New Yorker cartoons for professional use: Add humor to ad campaigns, books, newsletters, and more.
4727	“Life in Canada was good,” André Poulin, a Muslim convert from Timmins, Ont., who left Canada to fight in Syria in 2012 and was killed last summer, said in the slick 11-minute Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham recruitment video.
4728	Lifetime benefit maximums of $1.5 million to $2 million are more common and less alarming, she says.
4729	Light snow is forecast from late Tuesday to Thursday in Minneapolis, Chicago and other parts of the Upper Midwest.
4730	Light use in Saudi Arabian cities increased by 60% to 100% during Ramadan, NASA reported.
4731	Light winds and clear skies will make for a cold night tonight, but as the high moves eastward tomorrow the really cold weather will be a thing of the past.
4732	"Like a lot of great leaders, her most impressive qualities were the most visible during tough times.
4733	Like Follow Subscribe Follow Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Pin Share Facebook just took the surprising step of adding a way for users of the free anonymizing software Tor to access the social network directly.
4734	Like Follow Subscribe Follow Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Pin Share There was a time when Thursday nights belonged to NBC.
4735	Like Marty McFly in Back to the Future, my life was fading from the picture.
4736	"Like most internal political impasses and divisions, it's not something that foreigners can come in and magically fix.
4737	Like their American counterparts, they are primarily concerned with "teenage issues."
4738	Like the Motorola deal, which marked Google's first major foray into hardware, the Nest acquisition gives Google a stepping stone into an important new market at a time when consumer appliances and Internet services are increasingly merging.
4739	Like we said, totally different world.
4740	Like with any business, if you go with the one you have good experiences with, you will probably keep having them.
4741	Limiting its overall enrichment capacity is expected be one of the thorniest issues in future negotiations.
4742	Lincoln had written to him on Feb. 25, 1846, to send him a piece of poetry he had requested.
4743	Lines form down the street from the Deauville Hotel in Miami Beach, Florida, as fans wait to see The Beatles on "The Ed Sullivan Show" on February 16, 1964.
4744	Lisa Schultheis is spending a bit more on Christmas these days on her six children, who range in age from 20 to 28. But she and her husband, who consider themselves middle class, try to focus on fulfilling "needs instead of wants."
4745	Lithuania also made it two wins in two in the group with a 1-0 victory over Estonia in Vilnius.
4746	Little did we know that the opening days of the second Iraq war marked the end of the era of America as the world's dominant military power.
4747	Little is known about the board's current financial health, because Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz exercises power given to him in 2011 to withhold information "detrimental to commercial interests."
4748	Liu Chan picked up where he left off from last season’s MVP-worthy performance with 10 first-quarter points to help the Brew Crew claim a 21-14 advantage.
4749	Liuzza was approached by someone on the sidewalk outside his apartment, where he was robbed, shot and later died in hospital.
4750	Living standards are reduced It is not true that having a lower pound reduces living standards.
4751	Li was discussing the dilemma with an old professor at Balliol College, Oxford.
4752	Load More DALLAS (AP) — When Thomas Eric Duncan became the first diagnosed case of Ebola in the United States, his relatives with roots in virus-ravaged Liberia knew what questions to ask.
4753	Load More SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Uber, the online car service embroiled in allegations that one of its drivers in India raped a passenger, is now facing a lawsuit over safety issues in its home state of California.
4754	Load More SAO PAULO (AP) — It wasn't just a bad dream.
4755	Location No. 3: Rodger then went to a nearby delicatessen on Pardall Road.
4756	Lockett then struggled and mumbled, witnesses said.
4757	Lockheed's "Have Blue" prototype was the predecessor of the famed Nighthawk.
4758	LocoMobi was the very first to offer a cloud-based license plate recognition (LPR) system with a complete revenue engine that also provided a management system for virtual permitting systems, violation and citation management.
4759	Logan Stiner, 18, of LaGrange, Ohio, died May 27 after consuming the product, officials said.
4760	Lombardi said that while there is general concern about the Islamic State threat, "there are no specific threats or risks that would change the pope's behavior or the way the trip is organized."
4761	London Golf Club chairman Charles Fairweather said: "We are very excited to host the prestigious Volvo World Match Play Championship this October.
4762	LONG DELAYS U.S. subsidies were intended to fill in until the power grid reached Kandahar and a new turbine was installed at the Kajaki dam.
4763	Long Goodbyes, based on the popular children's show Wapos Bay, is set in a fictional Cree community in northern Saskatchewan.
4764	Long-term outlook Despite the advantages it brings, the bears' flexible foraging is unlikely to save them from climate change and disappearing sea ice, said Steven C. Amstrup, a researcher with Polar Bears International, who was not involved in the study.
4765	Long-time rival Greece accuses Turkey, an EU candidate nation and member of the NATO military alliance, of seeking to exploit the situation and of behavior that does not befit a country seeking membership of the European Union.
4766	Look at those toes!
4767	Look Beyond Your Company There's a time in any job when you've gone as far as you'll be able to.
4768	Look for Argentina to send in many long crosses.
4769	Looking for a payback There is a similarity between renting cars and lending money, however, and which is that you have to make sure you get paid.
4770	Looking toward Oregon's Mount Hood during autumn, you can see Saturn (smaller than the dot of this "i" at the top left) and Venus (right of the moon) with the naked eye.
4771	Lorain police Capt. Roger Watkins says the investigation will be turned over to the Lorain County prosecutor's office to determine if criminal charges will be filed.
4772	Lora when she was a bridesmaid at her sister Maxine's wedding in 1998 Mrs Snelgrove, 60, said: “She loved it up there working with me.
4773	Lord knows someone should use them.
4774	Lord & Stephens Funeral Home, East chapel, Athens, is in charge of arrangements.
4775	Lorient striker Vincent Aboubakar scored twice in stoppage time to salvage a 4-4 draw with 10-man Montpellier.
4776	Los Angeles Angels outfielder Collin Cowgill was placed on the 15-day disabled list after breaking his nose and thumb on Saturday after a ball ricocheted off his bat/thumb to the face while trying to bunt.
4777	LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21 (UPI) -- Jamie Foxx was sued for allegedly stealing his latest single, Party Ain't A Party, from emerging artist J Rand, court documents indicate.
4778	Loss of Odessa to devastate Ukraine Last but not least, Odessa has military significance.
4779	Loud noise or music was common.
4780	Louisiana needs a senator that will stand up to the career politicians and the alligators."
4781	Louis van Gaal's side created a string of chances, with Juan Mata hitting the post and Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris producing a number of excellent saves, but had to settle for a point.
4782	Louis, whose neighbour’s pickup truck was torched, said he is worried for his family’s safety.
4783	Love is one of the few emotions you feel deep inside your soul.
4784	Love said his lobbyist registration is "entirely incorrect," when it says he is involved in licence plate branding and it will be corrected.
4785	Lowry scored 25 points and the resilient Raptors got 18 of their 30 fourth-quarter points from the bench Saturday, a 110-98 victory that ended the Clippers eight-game home winning streak.
4786	Lt. Danny Boyd with the Cassville Police Department worked the wreck.
4787	Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, who serves as president of the Senate, has already asked for a sentencing guideline study of intoxication manslaughter cases.
4788	Lt. Governor Sue Ellspermann congratulated the award winners.
4789	LTI was first granted approval by the GE Transportation Aviation S400 program in 2001.
4790	Lubyanka serves the Russian state still, despite decades as the locus of murder and repression for the KGB and its predecessor agencies.
4791	Lucan had an hour or so to himself when he wrote a few letters.
4792	Lucas finished his career as the most prolific passer in Maine high school history and led his team to the Class B state title.
4793	Luckily, as New Yorkers, you've probably already picked up enough of the local atmosphere to stop being polite and start getting real.
4794	Luckily, the malware was the kind that spews spam, not steals personal data.
4795	Lundqvist quickly grew tired of the questions about his poor night on Tuesday.
4796	Luongo's counterpart, Jimmy Howard, is 3-0-1 against Vancouver in the same time frame with a 1.72 GAA.
4797	Lydia Schrandt Having grown up in the middle of the desert Southwest, Lydia never considers a trip a true vacation unless it involves the water.
4798	Lyles points to tragedies in schools across the nation as evidence that a police presence in schools is needed.
4799	Lymphoseek was approved in the United States last year in injectable form in patients with breast cancer or melanoma.
4800	LZ Granderson says "12 Years a Slave" deserves best picture at the Oscars, but who will see it?
4801	Mabvudzi, who broke onto the Zimbabwean music scene as part of a duo called Shame & Nathan, told the Daily News that local artistes could only reach the next level if they were promoted through the local media.
4802	Machado hurt himself on an awkward swing against the Yankees on Aug. 11. It’s a difficult blow for Baltimore, which is in prime position for its first division title since 1997.
4803	Maddon can live with the occasional opposite-field hit, as the Mariners’ Kyle Seager did Monday, beating the Rays’ shift with a ground-ball single to left field.
4804	MADELINEDEJOURNETTadvancensc@sbcglobal.net A local resident points to the location of the dead whale in New Pass, just south of Lover's Key State Park near Ft.
4805	Madrid jumped 1.59 percent and Milan added 1.33 percent.
4806	Madrid told Nancy Grace of CNN's sister network HLN that Coronado looked blankly at the ground.
4807	Magath, who won Bundesliga titles with Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg in Germany, lasted seven months in his first spell in English football.
4808	Magaya Takes Crusade To Bulawayo 21 hours 33 minutes ago Prophet Walter Magaya Popular Prophetic Healing and Deliverance (PHD) Ministries leader Walter Magaya will Thursday descend on Bulawayo for a two-day crusade slated for Amazulu Sports Club.
4809	Magliari said, "There were always working toilets on all the trains."
4810	Magnitude @ Treasure Island The official Saturday fetish/dance event by Folsom Street Events will be tourist central, and a shirtless morass, but if you want a great big sweaty gay party with a lot of harnesses, this is it.
4811	Magnotta has admitted to the acts he’s accused of in Lin’s death, but is arguing he is not criminally responsible by way of mental disorder.
4812	Maj. Gen. Stephen Lyons, head of the Army’s Combined Arms Support Command, a training operation, said that the sergeant turned the gun on herself after negotiations with soldiers.
4813	Make a commitment.
4814	"Make it clear to your reports you care about these people and you will hire them back if you can," Zickerman says.
4815	Make them take all the crap.
4816	Making a special appeal on behalf of youth, he said, "May Jesus save the vast numbers of children who are victims of violence, made objects of trade and trafficking, or forced to become soldiers."
4817	Making his first game appearance in three weeks, he was placed in the eye of the ninth-inning storm and couldn't escape, allowing a single, walk and the walk-off blast.
4818	Making the course public was supposed to bring in extra income.
4819	Making your planting beds pop can cost as little as $2 a bag ($19 per cubic yard) or as much as $7 per bag ($47 per cubic yard) depending on the quality and type of mulch.
4820	Malala has been championing for girls’ education from a very early age.
4821	Malala Yousafzai, who was 15 when she was shot, had already gained prominence for demanding rights to education for girls in Pakistan.
4822	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people aboard soon after taking off from Kuala Lumpur for Beijing on March 8. Its whereabouts and what happened remain one of the biggest mysteries in commercial aviation.
4823	Malcolm was a symbol of black defiance who ridiculed King's stance on nonviolence.
4824	Mali confirms eighth Ebola case, monitoring 271 people BAMAKO (Reuters) - Mali said on Monday that another person had tested positive for the Ebola virus, bringing the total number of cases in the West African nation to eight.
4825	MALIKI A "BETTER OPTION" Ayham Kamel, of Eurasia consultancy, said a significant portion of the Sunni community would prefer to play a role in central government politics rather than involve themselves with al Qaeda.
4826	"Maliki has become a polarizing symbol to others, regardless of how he is performing."
4827	Malook (right) has recruited his wife and children to help him drive seniors.
4828	Manchester had a wide territorial edge in the period, outshooting Portland 15-4.
4829	Mangurian was 3-27 in three seasons at the Ivy League school.
4830	Man I hate guys like puddle jumper that think they are better than everyone else.
4831	"Man oh man I have seen some bad things in the last two weeks of my life," he wrote in one such post on Sept. 18, two weeks before testing positive for the disease.
4832	Many also appear resentful at the growing toll the insurgency was taking on their daily lives.
4833	Many are not at a high enough tension, and others are protected by paint, grease or dehumidifiers, they said.
4834	Many Canadians do not contribute the full amount to their Retirement Savings Plans each year because they are not forced to do so, said Morneau.
4835	Many despair because this problem seems limitless.
4836	Many economists expect the Bank's new guidance to be tweaked to take into account a broader range of factors to reassure that rates are not set to rise any time soon.
4837	Many economists worry that Chinese banks have fueled excessive investment in real estate, potentially inflating a credit bubble.
4838	Many experts would advise that the solution to this is just to make sure you eat a healthy lunch.
4839	Many fans are hoping to find the franchise's future in its past.
4840	Many girls checked off most boxes; some checked off all.
4841	Many, however, are looking to make enough money during the climbing season (March to May) to start their own business, like a lodge for travelers or a tea house.
4842	Many intentionally rupture their eardrums in order to assist with equalising.
4843	Many more were tempted to take the risk in the first years than toward the end.
4844	Many of the attacks have been directed at Raqqa, the city in north-east Syria that has become the militant group's headquarters.
4845	Many of the occupants in the 52-unit Residence du Havre in L’Isle-Verte were over 85 and all but a handful had limited movement, being confined to wheelchairs and walkers.
4846	Many of the players involved at the time of Bali have finished playing or moved on to other cities.
4847	Many other first names on the list are common choices.
4848	Man you come up with some good stuff.
4849	Many owners thought the promotion would send food and labor costs soaring, erasing any hope of profits.
4850	Many people fled their homes in the fighting.
4851	Many people make this mistake in their own estate planning.
4852	Many thousands of people are fleeing their homes and villages to avoid the advancing fanatics pouring into Iraq from the north.
4853	"Many tourists who come to Las Vegas may be unprepared for the true winter-like conditions this storm could bring with it," the NWS said.
4854	“Many young people come to the beach with the thoughts of no rules so they’re quicker to break the law,” Richardson said.
4855	Many young people have no work."
4856	Mao Zedong (毛澤東) cut ties with the Holy See in 1951.
4857	Marcella Gramlich died in October 2011.
4858	March 23, 2009 - The Vermont state Senate votes 26 to 4 to legalize same-sex marriage.
4859	March 5, 2004 - Stewart is found guilty on four counts: two counts of making false statements, one count of obstruction of justice and one count of conspiracy.
4860	Margins improved to 36.6 percent in the third quarter ended Nov. 1 from 29.5 percent a year earlier.
4861	Marie MD The hundred of thousands of anything are crawling in her brainless head.
4862	Marijuana remains listed as a dangerous drug under federal law.
4863	Mario Simoes, a Florida lawyer, wrote that Hegeman guided him during a Mount Rainier expedition about a month ago.
4864	Mark King, lead singer for Level 42, said the crowd were wonderful.
4865	Marlborough has also put together a committee to investigate the allegations led by Debra Wong Yang, who sits on the school's Board of Trustees and is a parter at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, an L.A. law firm that works with internal investigations.
4866	Marquez's red-hot form continued as the 2013 season progressed, and he stormed on to clinch the premier-class championship, the first rookie to achieve the feat since American Kenny Roberts in 1978.
4867	Marriott Wants You to Vacation on a Virtual Beach Marriott Hotels is betting the future of travel will be, at least in part, virtual.
4868	Martinez' injury compounds Guardiola's problems ahead of the season.
4869	Martinez said a norovirus was believed to be the cause.
4870	Martin said he is simply living out his faith by offering a hand to people rejected by society.
4871	Martin's new book, released this week, is "The World of Ice & Fire: The Untold History of Westeros and the Game of Thrones," 300 pages of back story and original artwork by the some of the world's top fantasy illustrators.
4872	Mary DaCosta, a shop owner who has lived in the area for more than 20 years, told The Gleaner: "There is a drainage tunnel that carries water from the gully, but when it's blocked with garbage, the water runs on to the road and floods my shop.
4873	Mary Konye disguised herself with a veil and attacked Naomi Oni in the early hours of Dec. 30, 2012, leaving her with disfiguring burns on her face, a hand and a thigh.
4874	"Mary, Mother of Christ," is being billed as a prequel to 2004's "The Passion of the Christ," the controversial film by Mel Gibson.
4875	Maselli assumed her letter would get brushed aside by an aide.
4876	Ma's success was evident after Alibaba's Taobao bested eBay in China, forcing the US auction site to largely withdraw from the country in 2006.
4877	Masterson told reporters the suspect approached him and Moore, asked them if they were gay and attacked them when they ignored him.
4878	Mata had already been dropped from Spain's squad once this season and with the country blessed with so many playmakers, he was in real danger of being overlooked for the trip to Brazil to defend their title.
4879	Matches have complex rules and use a scoring system based on ancient dueling regulations.
4880	Mateusz Szczurek, the Polish finance minister, said the talks on Friday had not concerned the "actual amounts" each country would have to pay.
4881	Matomy CEO Ofer Druker said Team Internet will provide the company with another channel of media to offer advertisers.
4882	Matt Calvert regained the three-goal lead with 51 seconds left in the second.
4883	Matt Dunham / AP A participant slides down an escape slide.
4884	Matt Dunham / AP Flight safety instructor Andy Clubb shines flashlights as he walks through a cabin simulator filled with theatrical smoke.
4885	Matthew jumped off the line and tried to get away, but was struck by the falling pine tree, the DA’s office said.
4886	Matt Schrier, 36, a freelance photographer held by extremists for seven months in 2013 until he escaped, said that the bureaucracy he endured upon his return home was a second kind of nightmare after the months of abuse he experienced while a hostage.
4887	Maureen McDonnell did not testify.
4888	Max von Sydow is one of the veteran actors joining the upcoming "Star Wars" movie.
4889	Maxwell Briskey 5pts Man all thoughts tree Have a friend that lives over there.
4890	Maxwell is part of the reason we’ll survive this marathon season for one more week.
4891	May 17, 2004 - Massachusetts legalizes same-sex marriage, the first state in the U.S. to do so.
4892	May 22: Labyrinth (CW, Thursday and Friday at 8).
4893	Maybe a top name will suggest a student who performed well on the SATs, but the truth is that employers often have no idea what they're getting.
4894	Maybe even a shortstop who once shared a Lakeview billboard with Jeter and who hopes to share a place in postseason conversations.
4895	Maybe every Monday morning, you can scroll through your LinkedIn newsfeed and click on a couple of people you haven’t been great about keeping in contact with.
4896	Maybe he actually thinks his team reeks.
4897	Maybe it's because my hostess' daughter was a vegan."
4898	"Maybe it will get easier over the long term."
4899	Maybe Jeter can come forward and set the record straight.
4900	Mayberry rushed three times for 104 yards, while Will Thomas took four carries for 59 yards.
4901	Maybe some product will show up in the future but there is nothing out there now.
4902	Maybe that's for a reason.
4903	"Maybe the biggest clue as to sentiment among UK equity investors can be found in the fact that UK supermarkets were among the best performers on the FTSE 100", said Cross.
4904	Maybe we're so sick in this country because we prioritize treating sickness over maintaining health, fixing our problems instead of preventing them.
4905	Maybe you can't find one or don't comprehend that's not my problem Violence can be normal human behavior against aggressive humans Go read a few of his posts and then ask yourself if intelligent discussion is possible.
4906	Maybe you never learned to play the game…or you got on someone's bad side.
4907	Maybe you've even used them yourself.
4908	Maynard told The Associated Press in an Oct. 8 interview that her husband and other relatives accepted her decision.
4909	Mayor Christian Price will be running for reelection unopposed, seven candidates are competing for three four-year terms and three candidates hope to fill Potter’s position, which will have two years remaining.
4910	Mayor Mike Schmitz says to be able to tackler larger issues, the city must ensure the community is healthy and happy.
4911	MBA Tales: Searching for Work in a Recession June 15, 2009 When members of the MBA Class of 2009 descended on business school two years ago, their expectations were high.
4912	McAndrew was in Fort Pierce consulting a few years ago and called Black.
4913	McConnell said in an allusion to Grimes’ own brief resume as secretary of state.
4914	McCrate, 35, has come to see urban farming as a balance between aesthetics and getting the maximum harvest out of limited space.
4915	McCullen said she sometimes goes weeks without deterring a woman from having an abortion.
4916	McDonald emphasized that his own family members rely on the VA for care, and pledged to fulfill the president's goal of a VA that is more effective, efficient and puts veterans first.
4917	McKenzie is best known for his roles as officer Ben Sherman on TNT's "Southland" and Ryan Atwood on FOX's "The O.C." His other TV credits include TBS's "Men at Work" and NBC's "JAG."
4918	McKinney said he wants “to simply raise the bar of expectations about what we can and should expect out of a lieutenant governor so in four years when they start running on the same ticket we'll have a different perspective on the office.”
4919	McPhaul said the class consists of people from 16 to 77. On the younger end of the class is Austin Perry, 21, who drives every day from Wakulla County to be under McPhaul’s tutelage.
4920	Meanwhile, a 10-year-old girl remained in serious condition Monday evening after she was impaled in the back by a metal rod while sledding north of Baltimore, Md., the AP reported.
4921	Meanwhile, Abdullah al-Thinni has been reappointed as prime minister after he resigned last week.
4922	Meanwhile a German citizen kidnapped in the capital on Friday was being held in a tribal region of the eastern Marib province, a foreign ministry official said.
4923	Meanwhile, a state-controlled Russian TV station said Thursday that 25 Ukrainian citizens had been arrested in Russia by the country's security agency on suspicion of planning sabotage.
4924	Meanwhile, Britain First has announced it is to contest the seat.
4925	Meanwhile, Chris Bosh, who was one of the “Big Three,’’ along with James and Chicago native Dwyane Wade, was trying to figure out his future with a max contract on the table from Houston.
4926	Meanwhile former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson, who lives in Cheshire, wants a "No".
4927	Meanwhile, Gladbach defeated FC Homburg by three goals to one.
4928	Meanwhile, government authorities had hampered U.N. flights carrying supplies for peacekeepers and clinics and stopped some peacekeeper patrols, it said.
4929	Meanwhile President Park Guen-hye, whose government has also faced tough criticism over the disaster, suffered another blow when her second nominee for prime minister withdrew from consideration.
4930	Meanwhile, Putin urged President Barack Obama to discourage the Ukrainian government from using force against protesters in the country's east.
4931	Meanwhile, the CBC is offering counselling to its employees and announced it is hiring a third-party organization to conduct an investigation into the allegations into their former star employee.
4932	Meanwhile the entire principal cast of Foxcatcher — Steve Carell, Channing Tatum and Mark Ruffalo — earned raves, particularly a Carell buried under a cloak of prosthetics-enhanced menace to portray eccentric multimillionaire John du Pont.
4933	Meanwhile, the German documentary "Master of the Universe," about the life of a Frankfurt banker, won the prize for best documentary.
4934	Meanwhile, the head of Jordan's Muslim Brotherhood called on Amman to scrap the 1994 peace treaty with Israel over its actions at the Al-Aqsa compound, where the Hashemite kingdom has custodial rights.
4935	Meanwhile, the Philippines is in the process of taking China to a UN court over its territorial claims in the South China Sea.
4936	Meanwhile, the president disclosed in an interview Sunday that he will lay out his plans to "hunt down" ISIS in a speech Wednesday, just shy of two weeks after he said "we don't have a strategy yet" to handle the group.
4937	Meanwhile, the sub-index on expectations of investment returns weakened 13.1 points, the sentiment on investment environment fell 12.5 percent and confidence on political and cross-strait situations retreated 12.5 points, according to the survey.
4938	Meanwhile, the union representing postal workers said the theft problems will persist — unless the company reconsiders its plan to replace home delivery with super mailboxes in all urban areas.
4939	Meanwhile, tree cleanup throughout the rest of the city will continue into next week, Wayne Tallon, director of the city's Emergency Measures Organization, stated in a release.
4940	Mecca is the famous destination for Muslim pilgrims while Jews journey to Jerusalem and Roman Catholics to Santiago de Compostela, for example.
4941	Media Literacy Question of the Day: What is a PSA?
4942	Media playback is unsupported on your device Archbishop of Canterbury admits he has doubts about God 18 September 2014 Last updated at 19:04 BST Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has said he sometimes has doubts in his belief in God.
4943	Media playback is unsupported on your device CES 2014: Will.
4944	Media playback is unsupported on your device London project aims to tackle Muslim extremism at its roots 3 November 2014 Last updated at 06:39 GMT More than 3,000 Europeans have joined Islamist groups fighting Jihad in Syria and Iraq.
4945	Media playback is unsupported on your device Turkey's Ramadan drummers 27 June 2014 Last updated at 16:18 BST During Ramadan in Turkey, Muslims are traditionally woken for their pre-dawn meal by drummers who take to the streets.
4946	Meet Crosscut's Courage Award Winner in Culture Valerie Curtis-Newton has spent her career fostering diversity in the theater world and starting uncomfortable conversations about race and inclusion.
4947	Meet Eyeliner: the optical system that can bring the dead back to life.
4948	Meet the giant rats that sniff out landmines and TB Eco schools take over Africa September 18, 2014 -- Updated 1110 GMT (1910 HKT) Can state-of-the art schools in rural Africa rescue the environment?
4949	Meghan Brachle can only get 29 hours a week at Whole Foods (WFM), one of her three part-time jobs.
4950	Melancholy plays an important role in German literature as well as your literary bike tour.
4951	Melissa Pereira, he said, had taken the only key.
4952	Melizanne Bergeron also posted a video Tuesday on her Facebook page of young women crying as they greeted a police officer carrying a tiny, blanket-wrapped baby.
4953	Melo to the Heat, so that basketball can be 100% about free agency and 0% about trying hard.
4954	Members of Joamie's extended family gathered in Pangnirtung over the weekend to hold a memorial service.
4955	Members of the community have accused the soldiers of using excessive force and have been calling for the police to be involved in the patrols.
4956	Members of the Lady Mohawk volleyball team continue to prepare for the season at hand, as Coach Nikki Speer, and assistant Melissa Turner, enter their second year leading the program.
4957	Memorial Day is all about the celebrating.
4958	Memorialization will be by cremation.
4959	Memorial services will be held Wednesday at the Trainor Funeral Home in Boonville, New York.
4960	Memphis will be celebrating 60 years of rock 'n' roll this year: that moment when WHBQ's Dewey Phillips first played Elvis Presley's debut record on the radio.
4961	"Men and women and children are just sitting, waiting to die right now," Obama said.
4962	Mendes extended the fight to the fifth round this time but still couldn't come up with the victory.
4963	Menendez argued that the U.S. ought to be supplying Ukraine’s government with defensive weaponry – something the Obama administration has so far declined to do.
4964	Men, on the other hand, dodged situations in which they might be vulnerable.
4965	Merkel for her part told Putin to push for a "constructive dialogue" to defuse the crisis in Ukraine, her office said.
4966	Merkel, stopping in the Brazilian capital on her way to see the German soccer team play in the World Cup yesterday, said Germany and Brazil, the two largest economies in Europe and Latin America, had much to gain from more trade and investment.
4967	Merrett and her mother, Marilyn Merrett, say they have not had enough help from the medical system.
4968	Meryl Streep told The Hollywood Reporter, "He was always the smartest and most brilliant person in the room - and he could be the meanest, too."
4969	Messi: A decade of goals October 16, 2014 -- Updated 1247 GMT (2047 HKT) After 10 years of golden glory, it's easy to see how Lionel Messi has taken his place among the football gods.
4970	Metal clasp is comfortable View gallery.
4971	Meteorologists have cautioned that it would take several more soaking rain storms to put a dent in the state's historic drought.
4972	Metro combines the two news strands by wondering if the happy Royal baby news will "swing the Scottish independence vote".
4973	Metts served Lexington County for 42 years before his indictment this summer.
4974	Michael Craig is right behind him at 11.3 points per game while shooting 58 percent from the field.
4975	Michael Cuzzi, a former campaign aide to President Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry and former U.S. Rep. Tom Allen, agreed that the development was important.
4976	Michael said decisions having to do with things like union certification are supposed to be done in a three-way consultation, including representation from government, the union as well as the workers' side.
4977	Michael Shepherd can be contacted at 370-7652 or at: mshepherd@centralmaine.com Twitter: @mikeshepherdme Were you interviewed for this story?
4978	Michelle Cotterill, left, gives a woman a hug in the street at a temporary memorial site close to th … Scipione said police had asked that Monis not be granted bail, but the court ruled otherwise.
4979	Michigan State scored the final seven points to take a 28-21 lead into the break as Payne made consecutive jumpers and Kaminski drilled a 3-pointer over the final three minutes.
4980	Mickelson "agreed", and was interviewed by police.
4981	Mickelson's back OK, but uneven round tees him off Steve DiMeglio, USA TODAY Sports 4:56 p.m. EST January 30, 2014 Phil Mickelson plays a shot on the 15th hole during the first round of the Waste Management Phoenix Open at TPC Scottsdale on Thursday.
4982	Mickelson seeks his eighth trip in a row to the season's final event.
4983	Microdistilleries are getting a foothold in the state.
4984	Microsoft engineering is working with these customers to resolve lingering problems, he said.
4985	Microsoft has made significant strides in surfacing more information on the new Windows Store, which will cut down on needless scrolling and backing up to previous menus.
4986	Microsoft is also borrowing the three finger swipe left and right to activate switching between apps, something Apple uses to move between fullscreen Mac applications.
4987	Microsoft is one of the only, and by far the biggest, employers that is offering such white-glove, concierge-like service to workers.
4988	Microsoft rose $1.19, or 3 percent, to $41.49.
4989	Midway through the third quarter, he hooked up with Nate Mower on a 37-yard touchdown pass for a 28-20 lead.
4990	MidwestGolfFan 5pts Great runner, mediocre passer with flashes of excellence, anointed for Greatness: Michael Vick, ca. 2002.
4991	MigraPure is not associated with rebound headaches.
4992	Miguel Paredes, 32, was convicted along with two other men in the September 2000 slayings of three people with ties to the Mexican Mafia.
4993	Mike McCartney, HTA president and chief executive officer, said that the DOT and DLNR should benefit from a more efficient system that will help maximize revenue potential.
4994	Mike McKool has tried more than 100 jury trials and secured billions of dollars in verdicts and settlements for clients, which include major airlines and companies from the industrial, energy, telecommunications, and banking sectors, among others.
4995	Mike Nichols: Movies are dreams, after all.
4996	Mike's decision, he finds out, is not only his personal liberation from his deteriorating body but the chance to reroute Earth from an inevitable fate.
4997	Mike Siegel / The Seattle Times Machinists wait in line early Friday morning to vote at the Everett union hall, across the street from the Boeing final assembly plant.
4998	Milgrom and the restaurant staff claimed they simply could not accommodate a walk-in party of eight, and that's why the group was turned away.
4999	Militants also destroyed the Saad bin Aqeel Husseiniya shrine in Tal Afar, approximately 50 km (35 miles) west of Mosul.
5000	Militants are blamed for downing a second Malaysian jet as it flew over Ukrainian airspace in July, killing all 298 aboard, the largest number of them Dutch.
5001	Miller found himself with a 102-foot putt on the tenth and wanted to chip it, but Nicklaus didn’t want him mucking up his brand new green.
5002	Millions plan to participate in earthquake drill LA MIRADA, Calif. (AP) — Millions of people plan to drop, cover and hold on in a drill Thursday to prepare communities in California and elsewhere for the next big earthquake.
5003	Milos has a lot to offer travelers: ancient thermal baths, underwater caves, an old pirate lair and 3rd-century catacombs decorated with Christian murals.
5004	Milwaukee FBI Acting Special Agent-In-Charge G.B. Jones said the effort now is "clearly focused on reuniting mother and child and the rest of the family members with the child."
5005	Mind you the snows that fall this weekend will not amount to much, but a few coverings are likely before the Monday morning school bell.
5006	Mining of Mongolia's vast coal, copper and gold reserves has helped transform an economy once dependent on nomadic lifestyles not far removed from its empire-building hero Genghis Khan 800 years ago.
5007	Minister Gray said he believes there is no stronger financial foundation that could be set than those which have already been set by credit unions and cooperatives.
5008	Minneapolis police Chief Janee Harteau was present with both Hodges and Gordon the day the photo was taken, a fact that KSTP, an ABC affiliate, did not mention in its report, according to Daily Kos.
5009	Minnesota: –45 C wind chill Delta Air Lines officials said 1,850 flights have been cancelled ahead of the storm.
5010	Minutes away are Simmons and actress/model Shannon Tweed, who wed in 2011 after 28 years together.
5011	Minutes earlier, a Pentagon spokesman, Rear Adm.
5012	Misha Berson: mberson@seattletimes.com Is your job search stuck?
5013	Missing Nigeria Schoolgirls 94 of 97 A Predator B unmanned aircraft lands after a mission at the Naval Air Station in Corpus Christi, Texas, in 2011.
5014	Mississippi officials said the vote tally in their state did not include provisional ballots, at least some of them cast as a result of the state's new voter ID law.
5015	“Missouri farmers and ranchers are always faced with challenges, such as the current shortage and spike in price of propane.
5016	Miss Voss is a member of the Foyer Oxford’s Youth Forum and hopes to start her own service to provide guidance to young mums.
5017	Mobile ads accounted for nearly half of Facebook's $1.8 billion advertising revenue in the third quarter.
5018	"Modern telecommunication networks require synchronization to about a millionth of a second per day," O'Brian said.
5019	Modi called a cabinet meeting to mourn the death of Munde, whose body was to be flown home for a funeral on Wednesday.
5020	Modi called for peace on Thursday in a joint press conference with Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is on his first visit to India since assuming office two years ago.
5021	Moe was honored to began her career at NBC as the 2010 Tim Russert Fellow based in Washington, DC.
5022	Mogherini said the EU, which lifted diplomatic sanctions on Cuba in 2008, favored dialogue.
5023	Mohammed Rayed, elected to the assembly from Misrata but who has boycotted its sessions, told Reuters he would abide by the call of the Islamic authority.
5024	Mohammed Tawfeeq, Yousif Basil, Chelsea Carter and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report in Atlanta.
5025	Moldovan Prime Minister Iurie Leanca called it "a victory for all of us who see our future in a modern and European Moldova."
5026	Molina grew especially heated and soon both benches and bullpens emptied, creating a scrum at home plate.
5027	Moments after the San Antonio Spurs completed their demolition of the Miami Heat in the NBA Finals, speculation about whether the LeBron James-led “Big Three” would stay in South Florida kicked into high gear.
5028	Moments earlier, Saint-Etienne goalkeeper Stephane Ruffier saved midfielder Sadio Diallo's header and, from the rebound, Diallo headed again only for left back Benoit Tremoulinas to clear the ball off the line.
5029	Mom: "That's just the way the Metro smells I think, honey."
5030	Monica Anderson and Tommy Howard jumped up and down and blew on their hands while they waited for a bus.
5031	Monica is described as 5-foot-3, 160 pounds and was last seen wearing a gray and maroon shirt and dark jeans.
5032	Montoya has shed more than 20 pounds since last summer, and Penske believes he’s adapted quickly with Castroneves and Power.
5033	Moore finally broke the deadlock less than two minutes before the end of the middle period when Brian Boyle got in behind the Montreal net and fed the puck to Moore, who slipped it past Tokarski for his third goal of the playoffs.
5034	Moore was identified as one of the shooters in the murder of 21-year-old Errun Scroggins on Nov. 28 in the CVS parking lot at Mill Avenue and University Drive.
5035	Moraga Hall in the newly redone Presidio Officers' Club Oct. 2, 2014 in San Francisco, Calif. Photo: Leah Millis / The San Francisco Chronicle Moraga Hall in the newly redone Presidio Officers' Club Oct. 2,..
5036	More about the New York program and the tiny home movement Elsewhere, small homes have gained a foothold in Australia as well.
5037	“More and more, Taiwan’s future could be decided on the streets,” it said, as: “The street protests reflect widespread disillusion with the weakness of Taiwan’s political institutions.”
5038	More Business Exchange Who’s been watching “The Story of Us”, the documentary series recounting the history of the United States?
5039	More characters, more worlds, more story lines.
5040	More content Key eastern German politician dies 09.06.2014 A senior German politician who risked controversy after the Berlin Wall's fall by drawing on support from ex-communists for his regional government has died.
5041	More content Russia, China create joint rating agency to counter US dominance 03.06.2014 Russia and China have agreed to set up a joint ratings agency in a sign of growing ties between the two countries.
5042	More cowboy Stetsons seen than Broncos caps.
5043	More important for Hondaphiles, the car has the company’s vaunted i-VTEC engine and a hybrid option will be available.
5044	MORE: Mettenberger returns at pro day DRAFT: Are top QBs worth the cost?
5045	Moreover, it's a chance for fans to see a Washington team that they might see in April, May and possibly beyond.
5046	Moreover, since the beginning of the year, the company's stock has gained an upside of 12.84%.
5047	MORE: Quick hits on the Western final But so are the Kings, some of the time.
5048	More so when it's empty.
5049	More tax breaks for the rich and large corporations.
5050	More than 100 people have been reunited thanks to the efforts of the Abuelas, but the news that the search for the group's leader is fulfilled struck a strong chord in Argentina.
5051	More than 100 people were killed in the protesters' clashes with police.
5052	More than 10 years ago, Endolyne Joe's owner discovered Danny at a flea market.
5053	More than 15,000 Morsi backers and members of his Muslim Brotherhood movement have also been jailed since his ouster.
5054	More than 1 million international buyers, including 95 of the world's top 100 retailers, use these services to obtain product and company information to help them source more profitably from overseas supply markets.
5055	More than 2,100 Palestinians, most of them civilians, were killed in the fighting, according to the Gaza health ministry.
5056	More than 300 former campaign staffers and organizers for President Barack Obama have signed on to a letter urging Warren to run for president in 2016.
5057	More than 40 companies, including four from Nashville, will be able to demonstrate their products as part of the conference's "Southland Village."
5058	More than 60 journalists have been killed by crossfire and dangerous assignments in the past three years, according to CPJ.
5059	More than 9,400 Hueys were built, according to the foundation.
5060	More than a week after being hospitalized because of a severe allergic reaction to antibiotics, Miley Cyrus is back on her feet.
5061	More than ever, restraint and sense of responsibility are needed."
5062	More than half the tourists, or 53 percent, were Christian; only 28 percent were Jewish.
5063	More than that, really: They're sharing the spotlight.
5064	MORE: Top 10 Tablets The screen is the star of the show, though.
5065	More works by the Masters are available here.
5066	Morgan, 45, has filed a negligence lawsuit against Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, alleging it knew or should have known that Roper had been awake for more than 24 hours before the crash and was not in compliance with U.S. trucking regulations.
5067	Morlot drew out the absorbing emotions, the angst and the calm in Tchaikovsky’s familiar Fourth Symphony, with fine playing from the musicians.
5068	Mo said she will submit banking records to the Legislative Council Committee on Members' Interests.
5069	Mosh's son was hit on the leg and arm, but was released from the hospital on Sunday.
5070	Most British troops will withdraw at the end of this year, as the coalition's combat mission ends and Afghanistan's newly trained security forces take over the fight against the Taliban.
5071	Most bus service in the city was suspended, yet windows were broken on at least one coach at Civic Center plaza.
5072	Most completely lost interest once Florida State finally scored, essentially ending an unthinkable upset bid, in the second quarter of the conference title bout.
5073	Most contain nicotine levels in the 1.8% to 2.4% range, which would be unlikely to kill; but liquids at deadly concentrations — say, 7.2% — are simple to obtain online.
5074	Most enterprise data center operations leverage premium-level support from the hardware vendor.
5075	Most gun owners know about what is called the 10 Commandments of gun safety, including getting proper instruction and being sure of the target.
5076	Most Indian e-tailers are aggressively scaling up in an effort to have the muscle to compete with Amazon, which slashed prices and improved delivery standards after entering India last year and is looking to acquire smaller retailers.
5077	Most investigators left Kiev this week but small teams from several countries remain in Ukraine on standby.
5078	Most job-seekers find “Tell me about yourself” a hard question to answer, if only because you don’t know how much of your story the interviewer wants to hear.
5079	"Most often canker sores go away on their own.
5080	Most of the 19 students who have completed the program have similar things to say, and five of them are now full-time Tourneau interns.
5081	Most of the April gains in multi-family housing were concentrated in the Northeast and Midwest, regions that are bouncing back from the harsh winter where snow and freezing temperatures halted construction.
5082	Most of the books are about Anne Frank, the ward said, but others are about the Auschwitz concentration camp.
5083	Most of the states are in the top tier and for the first time none are in the bottom tier," Brittany Vanderhoof, policy counsel at Polaris, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
5084	Most of those who have entered illegally are still here and are not leaving, commented Jessica Vaughan, Director of Policy Studies and author of the report.
5085	Most Popular Today's five most popular stories Shia LaBeouf's silent interview: provocative or pointless?
5086	Most smaller dogs are aggressive.
5087	Most states require you to carry at least basic liability insurance to cover damage to others, including both bodily injury and property damage.
5088	Most teachers were not trained to participate in distributed guidance, and many teachers introduced to advisory structures find the multiple missions and lack of support systems confusing and frustrating.
5089	Most violations are resolved with training and a monitoring period to ensure public bodies adhere to the law, but in serious cases, penalties may include a $500 fine for each incident or a public official's removal from office.
5090	Most white middle class people I know have children they can't afford to send to college and many drop out of high school too.
5091	Mosul's governor and three generals fled ISIS without a fight, by plane at night.
5092	Motorola scored a huge hit with its sleek Razr phone, introduced in 2004, but the company suffered as it failed to follow the success with additional strong phones.
5093	Mountain goat are as abundant in Utah's high alpine areas as treacherous peaks and cliff faces, making the Wasatch Mountains a destination of maximum risk and reward offering minimum human contact.
5094	Mount Mayon is the Philippines' most active volcano.
5095	Mourani said she spoke with Dan Gagnier, a high-ranking Liberal Party official, about crossing the floor to sit with them, but that ultimately she decided against it.
5096	Moussa: Constitution doesn't exclude CNN's Becky Anderson speaks to Amre Moussa about what went into the creation of Egypt's constitutional draft.
5097	Move away from gambling in Macau The president encouraged Macau to diversify away from casinos, which are its main source of income.
5098	Mr. Attenborough’s baby face and air of menace combined to make it one of his most memorable roles.
5099	Mr Chisnell said: “He was passionate about extended services and giving children experiences that maybe wouldn’t have been afforded to them.
5100	Mr Harper took prompt action by firing Mr Duffy and by ordering an investigation due to which these charges are coming.
5101	Mr Hook added: “This fairer system means that any of the main parties can win seats and a vote for any of them will carry equal weight in deciding how many.
5102	Mr. Kelly likes one of them better.
5103	MRL spokesman Jim Lewis says two of the four crew members on the westbound train were treated for minor injuries and released from the hospital.
5104	Mr Miliband also said Labour had committed to extending the powers of the Scottish Parliament, as part of the UK.
5105	Mr Mirfin, 39, who lives in Woodchurch, branched out when he got busier and busier as a freelance electrical engineer.
5106	Mr Roux told the court in the capital, Pretoria, that the defence, which began its presentation on 28 March, had no more witnesses to call.
5107	Mrs. Fliehler was preceded in death by her sister, Arlene JoAnn Amdahl.
5108	MR: What advice do you have for new artists?
5109	Mr. Williams had, I think 21 or so years sober and had relapsed.
5110	Mr Zieminski suffered multiple stab wounds on August 18 while living in a tent at the Great Lines Park in Gillingham.
5111	Ms. Barra needs to quickly develop and articulate a transformational goal that will resonate and rocket GM to the top in share price, safety and stakeholder satisfaction.
5112	Ms Gibbs grew up in Devon but moved to Tunbridge Wells 15 years ago, where she lived with her husband Ashley Pitman, 47. They married in 2009.
5113	Ms. Mathews said she was especially looking forward to the evening.
5114	M.'s previous two albums, THE HEROIN DIARIES and THIS IS GONNA HURT – both of which were accompanied by books of the same name - have sold over 600,000 copies and spawned 2 number one radio singles, "Life Is Beautiful" and "This Is Gonna Hurt."
5115	@MtMomma That's his liberal compassion, Mt. Obviously you knew this young man.
5116	MT @pmharper: called Premier Designate of Newfoundland Paul Davis — Garrett Barry (@GarrettBarry) September 18, 2014 Harper deleted the tweet, and sent out a new tweet with the full name of the province included.
5117	MTV "Newlyweds" Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey split in 2005 after their three-year marriage.
5118	Mubarak was granted a retrial.
5119	Much has been made of the relationship between senior officers at the Met and senior staff at the News of the World.
5120	Much like the ‘short’ cup of coffee in Starbucks, Apple is quietly catering for the customers who love to hunt for the special offers, without specifically calling attention to it.
5121	Much remains unclear about the RD-180 program, including the price the Air Force ultimately pays for the engines and what becomes of all the profit earned by Amross.
5122	Muhammad Rizalman Ismail did not say anything during his brief appearance at the Wellington District Court.
5123	Mulally's portfolio now includes almost 6.2 million shares in the company he joined in 2006.
5124	Municipal elections in several communities, including Yellowknife, are also scheduled for Oct. 19 that year.
5125	Municipal officials say it's also difficult to prove if a dog is a purebred pit bull.
5126	Murat Yetkin, of the liberal Radikal newspaper, says the decision by CHP and MHP to field Ihsanoglu as a joint candidate means they will be entering Erdogan's "backyard".
5127	Murder charge A man accused of shooting and killing a woman outside a Sandy home was charged Tuesday with murder.
5128	Murphy's car is equipped with the optional seven-slot Venetian blind by the rear window.
5129	Museveni signed the bill into law in February, two months after Uganda's Parliament passed it after replacing a death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for "aggravated homosexuality."
5130	Music fans could interpret this as a cynical and unimaginative blueprint for radio-friendly song creation.
5131	Mustafa Barghouti: "Palestinians are in a unified camp" Fatah and Hamas announced Wednesday they will begin discussions to form a unity government.
5132	• Must enter an email address.
5133	"My basic explanation is that they're still inspired by the Olympic Games in Moscow in 1980," he said.
5134	"My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on."
5135	"My best wasn't (like it was) against him in Rome," Djokovic told reporters.
5136	"My brother is not a number to me, or to the rest of his family," his sister Terri Chung of Edmonds, Wash., said in a statement Monday.
5137	MyFitnessPal is a free app that helps users watch what they eat and see how each and every meal or snack affects them.
5138	My goal was to stimulate a debate and we have seen a debate which I think is very fruitful.
5139	My guilt and heartbreak drove me down nearly every weekend to Wales to see my once always-so-glamorous mum sitting in a chair, head bowed, smile gone, with somebody else's clothes on, dirty nails, and her hair savaged into a care-home crop.
5140	My hands-down favorite shrub for late scent is Daphne x transatlantica ‘Eternal Fragrance.’
5141	"My husband started to unpack this box and realized it was in major disarray," Church said.
5142	"My journey renewed my faith in the bonds that connect people worldwide," said Logothetis.
5143	My mother, Georgia, had made a concerted effort to make special preparations for our father since they had not seen each other in two weeks.
5144	"My music is straight facts," Pollard recently told New York Magazine.
5145	My news for Investors AtLeast one of the check box should be selected You are following news about Follow the latest news about SIRI Next in Entertainment News Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs.
5146	"My players must forget El-Gouna and concentrate on Sfaxien."
5147	My point was that so many other severe crimes get a slap on the wrist allowing the offender to continue to commit them.
5148	My question is, "where is the trial of the two former county employees who set this guy up?"
5149	My question to you is this: What are your moral grounds in this story?
5150	"My sense is that most of my colleagues feel that we're long past due" in moderating the U.S. stance on Cuba.
5151	My son was attacked and he was assaulted in the school.
5152	"My stomach is now so small I have hardly any appetite and can’t keep weight on.
5153	Myth 4: Grabbing a bite before work will help you eat less later.
5154	Nagin’s other son, Jarin, takes a similar approach as his brother in his letter.
5155	Names and local towns may be submitted via email to deanslist@northjersey.com. Because of the large volume, we cannot acknowledge individual requests for when specific names or colleges will appear.
5156	Nappi said his employees are not permitted to smoke on the Bow Street Market property, and the company wanted to be consistent in its message.
5157	NASA/JPL-Caltech The lowest of these layers, a section of rock 500 feet (150m) high, is the one currently under investigation.
5158	NASA wants the 2020 rover to gather and cache Martian samples for eventual return to Earth.
5159	Nash said hundreds more bison remain clustered near the park's northern boundary, where the 25 animals were captured Friday after they wandered into a holding facility.
5160	Natalie began working with Chuck in July 2011, and since then has become known as Chuck's "chief of staff".
5161	Nathan Bilow, USA TODAY Sports Tucker West (USA) competes in his fourth run in men's singles luge.
5162	Nathan Cirillo, the two soldiers who were fatally attacked on Canadian soil last month.
5163	Nationwide on Thursday, more than 3,000 flights were cancelled because of the weather and over 10,000 flights were delayed, according to FlightStats.com. By early Friday, hundreds more flights had already been cancelled or delayed.
5164	NATO-member Turkey has refused to join the coalition unless it also confronts Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, a demand that Washington, which flies its air missions over Syria without objection from Assad, has so far rejected.
5165	"Naturally what happens is that as more and more people get infected, people learn lessons.
5166	“Nature,” 8 p.m. (KCTS): The diverse wildlife and habitats of the Himalayan mountain system.
5167	Naveena Kottoor: It's in southern Tunisia, about 25 kilometers from a place called Gafsa.
5168	Nazrio lives next door to the explosion and hasn’t been home since the blast.
5169	NBA commissioner Adam Silver banned Sterling for life, fined him $2.5 million US and urged owners to force him to sell the Clippers a week ago, responding to league-wide outrage over racist comments made by the 80-year-old real-estate mogul.
5170	NBA pleased Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has agreed with Shelly Sterling to buy the Clippers for a league record $2 billion.
5171	NDP science and technology critic Kennedy Stewart said the results of the survey aren't surprising, and said they point to a problem far more serious than just job cuts.
5172	Neal Currie had an assist as did Walter Becker.
5173	Near a makeshift memorial outside the Bedford-Stuyvesant housing project where Ramos and Liu were killed, bystanders gave nearby police officers hugs, thanking them for their service and expressing their remorse.
5174	Nearby Coast Guard assets were first to respond when the helicopter went down.
5175	Nearly 3,000 veterans were unable to reschedule cancelled appointments, and one nurse practitioner alone had 975 patients unable to reschedule appointments.
5176	Nearly 30 lawmakers received free football tickets, and some got all-expense-paid trips from the bowl, but prosecutors declined to bring any charges against them.
5177	Nearly anyone talented enough to get into the WGA does so because they offer a significantly higher quality of life than going it alone.
5178	Nearly a year later she's still waiting.
5179	Nearly everyone has an opinion on what they would want to happen in worst-case medical scenarios, but few make it official with incapacity planning, as it's known in the estate planning biz.
5180	"Nearly every person on death row, regardless of race, has appealed their death sentence under the Racial Justice Act," McCrory said in a statement Wednesday.
5181	Nearly nine years ago, the Louisiana Cancer Research Center was a parking lot under water.
5182	NEARLY PERFECT: 9 incredible facts about the Broncos' unstoppable offense -Peyton Manning: 32-of-37 passing, 374 yards, 3 TDs.
5183	Nearly two-thirds said they relied on manual checks to find unused servers, or waited until something was broken.
5184	Need help with substance abuse or mental health issues?
5185	Needless to say, the imitations of Cohiba cigars and other brands are sold to naive tourists as if they were authentic.
5186	Neighbors said Northside has been moving forward, fighting crime in recent years but they said this shooting-is a setback-to that progress.
5187	Neighbourhood boosters have long insisted there is a palpable sense of community in the Downtown Eastside, and they are right.
5188	Neilson Barnard/Getty Images "Seinfeld" stars Jerry Seinfeld and Jason Alexander were spotted outside Tom's Restaurant in New York on Monday, sparking rumors of a potential reunion or collaboration between the two funnymen.
5189	Neither country said exactly what expertise their teams would bring.
5190	Neither is any kind of massage necessary for this.
5191	Netanyahu had dined Monday at Fresco by Scotto with Adelson, the casino mogul who serves as the prime minister's patron, reportedly ordering veal.
5192	Netflix is looking to pay someone to watch Netflix all day What's better than binge-watching your favorite shows?
5193	Netflix's U.S. rates currently start at $9 per month, a price that may pressure HBO to lower its profit margins if it wants to lure subscribers away or encourage customers to buy both.
5194	Netizens questioned the ruling and called the judges “dinosaurs” for handing down a sentence that does not meet public expectations.
5195	Never assume; check things your own self!
5196	Never send money to anyone via western union, green dot or other wire transfer before verifying the information.
5197	NEW ALBANY, Ind. - A retired southern Indiana sheriff has agreed to plead guilty to charges stemming from his relationship with a prostitute, court documents filed Thursday said.
5198	New and trended polls on a wide variety of subjects including politics, the economy, healthcare, foreign affairs, science and technology, sports and entertainment, and lifestyles are published weekly.
5199	Newark Liberty International Airport: One of the New York area's much maligned threesome of airports. 10 of the world's top airport lounges The problem is, the fee no longer amounts to as much as it once did.
5200	New Brunswick’s five political leaders used Tuesday night’s English-language debate largely to discuss the shale gas industry and jobs.
5201	New corner stores, which have been essentially banned under the current zoning code but would have been allowed under the Office of Planning's earlier proposal, would now face certain restrictions.
5202	Newgarden was polite when he returned to his pit stand.
5203	New Hampshire lost about 16,000 jobs to China from 2001-2008—proportionally more than any other state in the country, according to a study by the Washington-based Economic Policy Institute.
5204	New Hampshire was slammed with some of the highest snow totals — as much as 18.4 inches in Madison, just west of the Maine border — and at least 122,682 customers were still without power at 9.30 a.m. ET.
5205	Newkirk was described as an experienced climber. experienced climber, yet climbs in pitch black on the middle sister in this weather?
5206	New law allows schools to teach gun safety to first-graders Along with math, science and social studies, gun safety could soon be part of the first-grade curriculum in some Missouri public schools.
5207	New leadership will likely take over.
5208	Newly released documents from the Arizona Division of Occupational Safety and Health combined with interviews with residents by The Arizona Republic have finally provided the answer.
5209	Newman failed to understand that for the North Koreans the 1950-53 war against the United States had not finished, Chinoy writes.
5210	New momentum This increasing interest stimulated debate on hepatitis at the 2014 World Health Assembly, when 194 countries endorsed a resolution to intensify efforts to prevent, diagnose, and treat viral hepatitis.
5211	New Rules for Retirement My biggest retirement mistake Five CNNMoney readers share stories about saving that you can learn from.
5212	News Crime Dog Actor Sentenced For Pot, Weapons McGruff the Crime Dog has been barking up the wrong tree.
5213	News Fire Rips Through Bangladesh Slum A man cries after losing all of his belongings in a fire at a slum at Mirpur in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, on Tuesday.
5214	News of Ford’s arrest sent shock waves through the student population and raised concerns among parents.
5215	News, Opinion & Analysis Cybersecurity Remains a Gray Area for NATO Updates to the alliance charter will not define when hacks count as 'armed attacks.'
5216	News, Opinion & Analysis Stopping Climate Change Pays for Itself A new report shows it is cheaper to stop climate change than allow it to continue.
5217	"New students start nearly every day of the year."
5218	New study finds childhood obesity rates holding steady.
5219	New technology can detect your mood February 6, 2014 -- Updated 1448 GMT (2248 HKT) The key to self-knowledge?
5220	“New to the system, been out awhile, didn’t go through training camp,” the 2009 Super Bowl MVP said.
5221	New U.S. Ambassador to Switzerland Swears Oath on an E-Reader Place your hand on your tablet and repeat after me.
5222	NEW YORK — Avi Shenkar runs his four hair salons from the palm of his hand.
5223	New York frustrated Dallas into a season low in points in a 92-80 win.
5224	New Zealand and Ireland achieve higher standing in human development with substantially lower incomes.
5225	Next: ASUS shows off a 14-inch USB touchscreen monitor There are not any reviews for this product yet.
5226	“Next he enlarged the letters, printed them and cut them out on cardstock paper to weigh them to verify his findings.
5227	Next, there are pieces like bustiers, longline bras, crop tops and corsets.
5228	Next to the formal garden, the Mary Ludington Herb Garden, a semi-circle containing a thoughtfully selected and tended array of herbs, has been maintained since 1939.
5229	Nez was in 10th grade when he lied about his age to enlist in the U.S. Marine Corps not knowing he would become part of an elite group of Code Talkers.
5230	NFL owners are not actively pursuing an 18-game schedule.
5231	NGI supports 700 companies in the Nordic region and earns altogether 1.5 billion euros from sales.
5232	NHL Highlights Cavs recuit Marion; James visits; Miller signs With LeBron James leading the recruiting effort, the Cleveland Cavaliers are growing optimistic about their chances of signing veteran free agent forward Shawn Marion.
5233	Nibali, who captured his fourth stage of the Tour, stuck out his tongue, tapped his chest, and raised a fist skyward as he finished the 145.5-kilometre (90-mile) leg more than a minute ahead of Thibaut Pinot of France, who was second.
5234	Niccum added: “His sled didn’t fly out; he let go of his sled.
5235	Nice money in the Financial Fair Play era, yet only half of what a big-market club gets for a six-match trip through a Champions League group which ends in December.
5236	Nice picture of an unexpected event Paul.
5237	Nichols won best director for his work.
5238	Nicolas Gabriel mourned as deadly Brampton fire probed Deadly Brampton fire claims boy's life, leaves dozens homeless His family announced the funeral arrangements today.
5239	Nicole Auerbach, a national college basketball writer for USA TODAY Sports, is on Twitter @NicoleAuerbach.
5240	Nidhi Doshi and her husband closed on their new Redmond home on May 11 — their 10th wedding anniversary.
5241	Nielsen said he had concerns about Guenot but noted that he's done odd things before, such as walking around Lake Iliamna during spring break up.
5242	Nigerian women got world's attention Women in repressive countries are fighting back against injustice, writes Frida Ghitis.
5243	Nike, adidas, Puma and other shoemakers are all trotting out new and innovative looks for this summer’s World Cup.
5244	Niko Madison carried 23 times for 167 yards and two touchdowns to end the year with 1,026 yards on 128 carries – an 8.0 yard-per-carry average — and 11 touchdowns.
5245	Nine were placed into "restricted service for various safety defects" and one bus was placed out-of-service because of structural corrosion.
5246	"@NJTRANSIT your performance is far worse than the Broncos," Rick Fromberg tweeted.
5247	N. Korea brags about its human rights September 15, 2014 -- Updated 0851 GMT (1651 HKT) North Korea has "the world's most advantageous human rights system," the country declares.
5248	No. 19 North Carolina cruises past UNC-Wilmington By Sports Network December 31, 2013 Chapel Hill, NC (SportsNetwork.
5249	No. 1 is ­supposed to mean the best today, not last year or last week.
5250	No. 1 reason anglophones stay In the second part of CBC's Stay or Go Series, the EKOS survey asked more than 2,000 Quebecers why they choose to live in the province.
5251	Noah sat his second straight game with a sprained right ankle, and McDermott was absent for the fifth consecutive time due to a right knee problem that will require arthroscopic surgery Saturday.
5252	Nobody can fly, but a broom between the legs remains mandatory.
5253	No cook wants to be the one who puts a player on the injury report with a food incident.
5254	No doubt the disbelief and pain can be enormous, either way.
5255	No establishments received "Needs Improvement" designations.
5256	No further structural savings were planned in the French budget.
5257	No, I assumed that many others have done it.
5258	"No, I don't have long underwear, you usually don't need it here," said Young.
5259	No it certainly is not," he said.
5260	Nokia's total underlying operating profit for the July-September period rose as much as 32 percent from the previous quarter to 457 million euros ($578 million).
5261	No Labradoodles are entered in Saturday's agility competition at the Westminster Kennel Club show, but for the first time in the event's 138-year history, mixed breeds are welcome.
5262	No legs, one arm: A 'rolling inspiration' Bartoli blossoms in Monet's garden Can Serena become the greatest?
5263	No major European stock market escaped the sell-off, with Germany's DAX <.
5264	No material damage or casualties were reported, MENA said.
5265	No matter what you think of the movie, Gyllenhaal’s performance is undeniably captivating and served as a calling card for Hollywood.
5266	Non-IFRS software and software-related service revenue in the Americas region increased 6 percent year-over-year at constant currencies.
5267	Non-member rounds of golf were down 5.3 per cent in August and 8.7 per cent for the year.
5268	Nonprofit work is respected and there is faith that they do good and really work for others.
5269	No one deep for OSU and middle wide open.
5270	No one else has a vote on who you are.
5271	No one ever hid discipline problems.
5272	No one has provided any hard evidence that the protesters are right, but even within Karzai's family and inner circle, many believe the president quietly engineered the electoral debacle to keep his hands on the levers of power.
5273	No - one really knows what exchange rate was used and if there was any Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe foreign exchange dispensation granted.”
5274	No one seemed to want to own it.
5275	No one was inside at the time.
5276	No one, whether gay or heterosexual, has a "fundamental right" to a legal status that is entirely discretionary with the state Legislature.
5277	No one will say it publicly, but the autonomy plan would also give those leagues the flexibility to change the rules, thus allowing them to settle the most threatening cases.
5278	No other arrests are expected to be made Thursday night.
5279	No other details were immediately available.
5280	No other injuries were reported and no one else was on the plane.
5281	No public memorial events were held on a day town officials said instead would be for private reflection and remembrance.
5282	Nor did a lawyer for the landlord.
5283	Nor have Lenin's former comrades-in-arms fared any better.
5284	North Dakota voters rejected an amendment that would have declared in the state constitution "the inalienable right to life of every human being at every stage of development must be recognized and protected."
5285	North Korea announced Fowle's detention in June, saying he had violated the law by acting "contrary to the purpose of tourism."
5286	North Korea hypes up hacking rhetoric Chinese media censor Hong Kong protest How censored are China's journalists?
5287	North Korean soldiers salute during a military parade in Pyongyang in April 2012.
5288	‘No,’ said she, ‘you can’t help it, but you might stay at home!’
5289	No sale: Jury convicts infomercial king Kevin Trudeau in less than 45 minutes Updated: February 27, 2014 7:54PM Even in prison, convicted fraudster and TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau has something to sell.
5290	No successful plan is based on the 401k model, which most employees get today.
5291	No such approvals have been announced, so don’t expect any for sale on Tuesday.
5292	No surprise that it's got one of the smoothest bike-to-plane experiences anywhere.
5293	No survivors have been found.
5294	Not a game, but a way to study the evolutionary basis of human cognition.
5295	Not an immediate concern, just an inquiry.
5296	'Not compatible with European freedoms' And this new law is similar to the legislation that was canned by the EU court this April, he added.
5297	Not enough jobs and too much unemployment.
5298	NOTES: The Canucks head on a five-game road trip that will take them to Winnipeg, Detroit, Boston, Montreal and Toronto.
5299	Not every boat did so well.
5300	"Not every decision is made by consensus or democracy, but it leads to creativity and people being extremely invested in what they do," she says.
5301	Nothing else matters, right?
5302	Nothing gets passed him.
5303	Nothing labels you as clueless or your LinkedIn Profile as fake or abandoned like the lack of a photo identifying the member.
5304	Nothing," she says.
5305	Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified.
5306	No timeline for aerial mission in Iraq President Obama has now become the fourth consecutive commander-in-chief to order U.S. military action in Iraq.
5307	Noting that dedicated colleagues in Phoenix have been threatened, spit at and insulted, he said, "You don't want to generate that kind of animosity at an in­stitution where you spent 24 years of your life trying to help veterans."
5308	Noting the district had previously reported no more than five cases per week, it said the surge showed the need for continuing vigilance even where the virus was not widespread.
5309	Not just at Tuscaloosa’s clinic either – across the whole United States.
5310	Not many would be my guess.
5311	Not much help has been forthcoming.
5312	Not only do such firms need to improve their image, it is also time they gave something back.
5313	Not only is the defeat the worst ever suffered by Brazil, it’s also arguably the most embarrassing elimination of any home team in World Cup history.
5314	Notre Dame (11-1) will host second seeded Arcadia Valley (9-2) at a later date in the Class 1, District 1, championship.
5315	"No tree has ever been damaged or killed in pruning this way," he added.
5316	Not shabby at all, though the Masters is the one major championship where older players tend to do well.
5317	Not that early-season favorite "12 Years a Slave" isn't still in the running.
5318	Not that it helped: He lost to incumbent Paul Strauss by nearly 20 points.
5319	NOT the case in Lux - hence infringement case from Comm" UNEMPLOYMENT 11:46: The official figures, from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) also showed the number of people claiming jobseeker's allowance last month fell by 27,400 to 1.09 million.
5320	NOT to make a statement.
5321	Not to mention that, you know, I was a single woman with a child in business.
5322	Not too long thereafter, on May 29, the video's director, Sassan Soleimani, was released as well.
5323	November 1st 2014 the Enforcement unit with assistance of the Royal Bahamas Police Force continued its operation mainly in the Carmichael Road area.
5324	Now, after 4 years, my wife has finally got me dressing up, and I like it.
5325	Now, after combining with local engineers and tech investors based in Silicon Valley, Meira believes he may have a solution that will bring the SASMEX signal to the masses.
5326	Now, after dozens of deaths in Ukraine's worst violence since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, Yanukovich faces mass protests that have put armed police to flight and brought pressure from allies in Moscow to reassert his control.
5327	Now at Queens Park Rangers, Ferdinand was part of the United team which struggled badly last season under Moyes, the man who was handpicked by Ferguson to succeed him.
5328	Now he is the overwhelming favorite at the PGA Championship.
5329	Now he is working an average of 24 hours a week at a CVS pharmacy 45 minutes from his home in St. George Island, Fla. He says the work has sharpened his mind but does make his feet sore some days, and he is looking forward to re-retiring.
5330	Nowhere has this resulted in more of a disservice to the American public than by branding a worthwhile feature of the 2010 proposed health care legislation as "death panels."
5331	Now, Hidetoshi Nakata is learning to connect with the world.
5332	Now I ask you, didn't Jill Abramson take charge of her career by inquiring about her pay?
5333	Now is the time to plan.
5334	Now, Moscow is looking to see whether or not such a scenario would function in the east and south or whether Ukraine can be destabilized without military measures.
5335	No word yet on the identity of the deceased.
5336	Now part of a youth forum in the Juba camp, he leads discussions on the root causes of conflict and reconciliation.
5337	Now, poor little guy has to sleep in his own dang bed — and I'm feeling a lot better overall.
5338	Now, prepare to bow down, as you watch Beyonce walking places fiercely.
5339	Now retired, he resides in Roswell with owners Mark Allen of Double Eagle Ranch and Leonard Blach of Buena Suerte Equine.
5340	Now that Boeing has tipped its hand, flying a 747 across Washington state in the shape of a 12 yesterday, Allen is feeling pretty good about his half of the bet.
5341	Now the Blackhawks and Penguins return to the great outdoors for a possible Stanley Cup preview.
5342	Now, the dems like the NSA while the repubs dislike it.
5343	Now the general was fighting for Islamic State and threatened revenge.
5344	Now, the sanctions for his behavior are making it worse economically for Russia.
5345	Now, though, the comic book colorist from Benton, Illinois, is finally sticking with something.
5346	Now watching Up next Elevator Makeover - A New Haircut Can Change Everything When Jennifer, an actress, gets into an elevator on her way to her call-back, she has no idea she’ll wind up with a fresh new haircut and a style transformation.
5347	Now watching Up next New Hotel Fees and Surcharges Can Add Up on Vacation Last year the hotel industry made a record-breaking $2.25 billion in surcharges alone.
5348	"Now we have to have a new truck," she said.
5349	Now we have, what, a cellphone store, in that plug-ugly building?
5350	Now, where are they?
5351	NPD Group analyst Russ Crupnick explained that many consumers are attempting to save money by replacing premium channels with streaming services such as Netflix or Hulu Plus, but according to an HBO spokesman, NPD’s “research is simply incorrect.”
5352	Numerous colleges have followed this model since its inception.
5353	Nunavut could have made $400K in alcohol sales in 2014 So far, there’s been little discussion of how much revenue alcohol sales could bring to the Nunavut government.
5354	Nyan Zaw, a member of Myanmar National Human Rights Commission, which is investigating the death, said that the examination team would send an autopsy report to the Ministry of Health today.
5355	NYPD shutters controversial unit that spied on Muslims By Sam Byford 20 hours ago The New York Police Department has disbanded a division that conducted extensive covert surveillance on the city's Muslim communities.
5356	Nyquist's goal at 11:40 of the first period ended the Detroit's road scoreless run at 194:14.
5357	Nzambe shows a section of the scar where Hameed has planted pigment as proof.
5358	Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron discussed Ukraine on Tuesday, including the possible implementation of "additional coordinated measures to impose costs on Russia" should Russia fail to make positive changes, the White House said.
5359	Obama commemorated the 150th anniversary of the final resting place for more than 400,000 active duty service members, veterans and their families.
5360	Obama encouraged Democrats to reject Republican cynicism during a Sunday appearance with Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy, who is facing a tough re-election battle in a state carried by Obama in 2008 and 2012.
5361	Obama had nothing to do with it!
5362	Obama is much more delicate, but they both carry out the same agenda.
5363	Obama is too late too.
5364	Obama may use executive action to close Guantanamo Bay John Moore/Getty Images President Obama is reportedly considering using an executive order to close the detention facility at Guantánamo Bay, the Wall Street Journal reports.
5365	Obama, meanwhile, needs Congress to agree to permanently scrap any sanctions.
5366	Obama said after the verdict that "Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago."
5367	Obama should push back Before-and-after Typhoon Haiyan November 7, 2014 -- Updated 1556 GMT (2356 HKT) A ship still lies on one road but much else is cleared up after Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines.
5368	Obama’s penchant for muddling along on foreign policy, with restraint, is hurting him politically.
5369	Obama: VA misconduct will be punished Why hasn't anyone been fired yet?
5370	O’Brien slumped on a couch in his underwear, hands cuffed behind his back, as the police searched the caravan.
5371	"Obviously it's better for democracy and for everybody if the electorate gets to make the decision."
5372	"Obviously what Jason Spezza did in Ottawa was pretty remarkable," Legwand said on a conference call.
5373	Obviously, you can use the app to select among the system's modes, including a multi-room one that plays a single song on all the Music Flow speakers in your house, say, when there's a party.
5374	Ocean acidification threatens to scramble marine life on an unfathomable scale The Seattle Times Historical Archives Browse our newspaper page archives from 1900-1984 Looking for a new job?
5375	Ocean County had already claimed the New Jersey state title for highest number of heroin-related emergency room admissions, ahead of urban counties like Hudson and Essex with larger populations.
5376	"Ocean Maritime Management Company, Ltd (OMM), played a key role in arranging the shipment of the concealed cargo of arms and related materiel," the committee said in an implementation assistance notice.
5377	Oceanografia has not commented on the attorney general's actions or its loans with Banamex.
5378	Oct. 28, 2013: Duffy delivers again, this time saying the Conservative party made arrangements to cover his $13,560 legal bill.
5379	October 10, 2013 - New Jersey Superior Court Judge Mary Jacobson denies the state's appeal to halt same-sex marriages.
5380	October 12, 2008 - The Soyuz TMA-13 capsule carrying two Americans - flight commander Michael Fincke and American computer game millionaire Richard Garriott, and Russian flight engineer Yuri Lonchakov - lifts off from Kazakhstan.
5381	October 12, 2013 - The New Jersey Supreme Court announces it will hear, in January, Garden State Equality v. Dow, to decide if New Jersey is violating the equal protection of the state's constitution by denying same-sex the right to marry.
5382	October 21, 2014 -- Updated 1348 GMT (2148 HKT) From the ancient ruins of Rome, a new empire rises.
5383	October 26, 2014 -- Updated 0448 GMT (1248 HKT) Ivan Watson explains why the United States' support of a Kurdish fighting group may cause friction with a NATO ally.
5384	October 6, 2014 -- Updated 1657 GMT (0057 HKT) Here is a look at the American patients who have been diagnosed with this deadly virus.
5385	Of course, Assad is no friend of liberty.
5386	Of course, correlation doesn't imply causality, but it's worth noting.
5387	Of course, there are significant systematic issues that keep everyone in the industry from proper compensation.
5388	Of course they don't trust Ipso and they regard it as a fake and I'm not at all surprised but I want to show that they're wrong," he said.
5389	Of course, when companies start hiring, spending more money, and investing more, we can all complain about their dwindling margins - but that will be something nice to complain about.
5390	Officers arrested Deleon on Saturday and caught Corpuz on Sunday with the stolen car and mail belonging to other people, police said.
5391	Officers began searching the area, including checking hospitals in case something had happened to him, and spoke to bus and taxi companies, but none of them knew where he was.
5392	Officers returned the laptop to the victim.
5393	Officers say a black man armed with a handgun entered the store and demanded money.
5394	Officers were called out to his residence in the 900 block of First Street just after midnight after getting reports of a shooting.
5395	Officers were called to deal with the disturbance which involved around 40 inmates and left the officer requiring surgery.
5396	Officially, it went down as a touchdown pass to Titus Davis by Rush, his seventh of the day, one more than anyone had ever thrown in any bowl game.
5397	Officials on Monday night released the advice, which health workers had pushed hard for after two Dallas nurses became infected while caring for the first person diagnosed with the virus in the United States.
5398	Officials said in a statement Friday that they have approved more than $185,000 for the water trucks.
5399	Officials said the Taliban signaled to the U.S. in November that they were ready to start new talks on the issue of detainees.
5400	Officials say there was no wallet or any other identification nearby.
5401	Officials -- some with dogs -- continued to search for evidence late into the evening Tuesday.
5402	Officials were not immediately available to comment on the status of Es Sider after a worker told Reuters that staff had left the site.
5403	Officials with that group could not be reached for comment.
5404	Officials with the Caribbean Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility said no member countries have requested help this year, with no storm or excessive rainfall policies being triggered.
5405	Officials would not comment on the cause of the fire, though one source suggested that the jet’s integrated power pack could be the cause.
5406	OfficialTMurphy 5pts @bakersfieldnow here's part of the scene that's blocked off.
5407	Often, she and her daughter, Michelle, 34, wake up in the middle of the night with headaches, body aches and nosebleeds, she says.
5408	Often the cause of the writer's pay raise and those featured appearing on daytime talk shows.
5409	Of the 211 players enshrined in the Hall of Fame, 115 have been elected by the writers group, with all but 13 in the first 10 years of eligibility, and 96 by Veterans Committees.
5410	Of the $809,000 they've collectively spent, $588,000 of it — about 73 percent — has funded ads that expressly attack Roberts, federal records show.
5411	Of the hundreds of law officers whom Sullivan and his colleagues interviewed, not a single one wished to return to the days of handwritten notes.
5412	Of the police department's 53 officers, three are black.
5413	Of the top 50 business programs, students at James Madison University (James Madison Undergraduate Business Profile) feel the safest and most secure, giving their school an A+ in the category.
5414	Of those, 120 were taken to hospital but none suffered any lasting effects, police said.
5415	Of those, a third have treatment-resistant seizures.
5416	O'Hagan texted his girlfriend at 2:43 a.m. the morning of September 12, 2012, saying "I want to f**king do this already."
5417	Oh, but there's more!
5418	"Oh, forget it," Deanna said.
5419	Ohio and equitable distribution Under Ohio law, all marital property is subject to equitable distribution.
5420	"Ohio has made its own decision regarding marriage, deciding to preserve the traditional definition," state's attorneys argued in court filings ahead of Friday's hearing.
5421	Oh, I understand the tea party just fine.
5422	Oh, that Oregon player.
5423	Oh yeah, incidentally, they had monitored another person previously.
5424	Oil buildup on the vent hood, filters and fire suppression lines had to be cleaned and the lid on the chip warmer was broken and needed to be replaced.
5425	OIL FIELDS Thousands of people have been killed and more than 800,000 have fled their homes since fighting was triggered by a power struggle between President Kiir and Machar, his former deputy whom he sacked in July.
5426	Oil has been a huge source of income for ISIS, and the "small-scale" refineries hit provided fuel to run operations and revenue.
5427	OK, but once Password Changer changes your passwords, how do you keep track of them?
5428	Oklahoma loses one of its top players in Cameron Clark but brings back four more starters.
5429	' Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe, the top Republican on the Armed Services Committee, and Sen. Benjamin Cardin, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, will discuss reports of a resurgence of al-Qaeda n the Middle East.
5430	OK, now we're just confused.
5431	Ok, well, for one thing, the guards back in the kitchen would notice if the prisoners they were supervising were deviating from their instructions.
5432	Older guys know their limits and know how to drive drunk (don't drive fast, don't draw attention, and better yet, pay for the Taxi or tow truck).
5433	Oldest Man in the World Dies in New York at 111 From NBC New York A 111-year-old New Yorker who lived on the Upper West Side and had been certified as the oldest man in the world died Sunday morning, according to friends who had been taking care of him.
5434	Olivette Buck was head of the Lumley Health Center in a densely populated suburb west of the capital, Freetown.
5435	Olympic officials said the situation bears similarities to the 2004 Athens Olympics, whose delays became so critical that then-IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch reprimanded organizers with a "yellow card."
5436	O'Malley, who had criticized plans to deport many of the undocumented children, clashed with a senior White House official in a phone call after he asked some of the kids not be sent to a site in his state.
5437	On a peaceful gorgeous farm in Rowe, Massachusetts, Shantigar deliberately keeps its workshops in the arts and in meditation small in order to give everyone personal attention.
5438	On a quarterly basis, Japan's GDP dropped by 1.7% as business and housing investment declined.
5439	On average, 13 people have died per day in continued outbreaks of fighting and shelling.
5440	On average, the victor outperforms the global market by 3.5 percent in the first month—a meaningful amount, although the outperformance fades significantly after three months.
5441	On a visit home to Toronto, he ran his first 5K race, which motivated him to keep working on his fitness.
5442	"On behalf of all New Brunswickers, I would like to extend my thoughts and prayers to those affected," he added.
5443	Once a grimy place you didn't go after dark, the lake is now beginning to represent everything that is changing Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Buy this photo A jogger and walker travel in opposite directions on the path along..
5444	Once in the search zone, the fuchsia line forms a rectangle, with the plane crossing a horizontal path of about 200 miles, heading north 13 miles, then back across the 200 miles.
5445	Once it got in there, you could see it literally move along and the smoke start to poke out of different sides of the roof.
5446	Once Obama signs off on the plan, the Iraq portion will need to be adapted, in consultation with the Iraqi government, to fit the Iraqis' priorities, Dempsey said.
5447	Once, she chased Katherine around the kitchen with a butcher knife, threatening to “stab me in the chest, cut open my heart,” Katherine says, “and if that doesn’t work and I don’t die, she’d find someone who will take a car and run me down.”
5448	Once that happens, engineers will look inside the cavity of the slide again to assess how much damage has been done.
5449	Once the enzyme is blocked, male and female mice have similar allergic reactions.
5450	"Once the precedent is set, it is unlikely that national governments will be able to claim back this right."
5451	Once there, Erick Munoz said, he was told his wife "was for all purposes brain dead."
5452	Once they have heard the words in their heads, an amanuensis is needed to put them down on paper.
5453	Once those were exhausted, Bernanke turned to extraordinary steps never before tried by the Fed.
5454	"Once we know better the Chinese market, the possibilities of getting into other significant markets in Asia are stronger than before," says Galatas.
5455	Once you update your Family Communication Plan, review it with your family and contacts.
5456	On Dec. 5, vandals illegally entered the company’s substation located in the Goulds, by cutting a hole in the security fence.
5457	One Christmas I sat with Werner, Maik's dad, as he got out his memory box and showed me photos and postcards that Maik's great granddad sent home from Verdun.
5458	One day she wants to play sports.
5459	One environmental activist said the separated pieces are taken to other operations where they are melted so they can be resold, a "primitive" process that he said can release dangerous toxins.
5460	One envisions self-replicating nanobots, which are microscopic robots designed to make copies of themselves.
5461	One event was the job fair at the Indiana Convention Center on Thursday afternoon.
5462	One example is the encryption featured in Skype, a program used by some 300 million users to conduct Internet video chat that is touted as secure.
5463	One has to conclude, that for the immediate future at least, Iraq has ceased to exist as a political reality.
5464	O’Neill called the classic model of colonizing planets proper a “mental hang-up,” and suggested it lacked imagination for the possibilities of open space.
5465	O'Neill's page on the website of the organization describes his career as a SEAL, but makes no mention of a role in killing bin Laden.
5466	One important piece: ending two wars (Iraq and Afghanistan) and capturing and killing Osama bin Laden.
5467	One issue is talent: Purdue has none.
5468	One last note, isn't it Dr. Frumkin's Public Health Department that is facing a 30 Million dollar budget shortfall?
5469	One might think of it as “Schroedinger’s trash” (being both landfill and compost at the same time), and its environmental benefits are worthy of debate.
5470	One neighbor said she never heard any major complaints, but noted that her grandchildren once complained the house smelled bad.
5471	One of Donald Papcsy's most recent courtroom success stories was published in the Connecticut Law Tribune.
5472	One officer jumped off a balcony and broke his arm.
5473	"One of Jill's biggest strengths is she demands so much out of her players and off the field, she cares for us as people and for our families," Holiday says.
5474	One of McPeek's favorite memories was when Crank was first elected.
5475	One of Perdue’s advisers played down the conflict.
5476	One of the best known is the Mae Hong Son Loop, a 600-kilometer journey that starts from Chiang Mai, and, traveling counterclockwise, passes through Pai, Mae Hong Son and Mae Sariang before returning to the starting point.
5477	One of the country's biggest customers is Saudi Arabia.
5478	One of the dead was a well-known colectivo leader from the militantly "Chavista" January 23 neighborhood of Caracas.
5479	One of the devices was damaged in the crash and ensuing fire, and it wasn’t immediately clear when results of the investigation would be made public.
5480	One of the easiest things you can do to transform your energy is to make changes to your environment!
5481	One of the first steps, says Burns, was convincing the city that Fuel was the right company for the job.
5482	"One of the gentlemen who is the grave digger, he certainly knows in his head where a lot of the graves are, but he doesn't have access to the maps either," said McGowan.
5483	One of the government troops was injured, the statement said.
5484	"One of the guys who lived there, he just figured it was a neighbor," McCreery says.
5485	One of them opened a religious school for girls.
5486	One of the reasons ISIS seems so fearsome is that the group has been very adept at "psychological operations," says Bokhari.
5487	One of the victims described the suspect as wearing a black baseball cap and carrying a messenger-style bag.
5488	"One of the victims handed over a wallet abd tge suspects left."
5489	One of those couples has an amazing story, which Huffington Post Chicago's Joseph Erbentraut tells beautifully: Come Monday, everything changes for Chicago same-sex couple Jim Darby and Patrick Bova -- in one respect.
5490	One of those winners was Lee, who navigated the weather-altered event in the Bahamas last May to earn her first LPGA victory.
5491	One operator insinuates that I must have done something wrong because K-9 dogs respond to a person carrying a bomb or drugs or threatening an office.
5492	One pilot was killed and the second was rushed to a hospital with major injuries.
5493	One potential risk ahead, according to Richardson, is the possibility of finding problems in controlling the boom in flight once the KC-46 flight tests start.
5494	One provision bans the use of construction helmets, popular among protesters since Nov. 30, when riot police violently dispersed a student rally in Kiev.
5495	One recent recipient was a man who had rented out his home while he visited out-of-state relatives and returned to find his house had been vandalized and the heating system damaged.
5496	One settlement that would have put a financially-devastating deal between Detroit and several big banks to rest was rejected last week by Rhodes.
5497	One struck Sgt. 1st Class Michael W. Braden, 45, who had been with the guard for 20 years, law enforcement and Guard officials said.
5498	One suspect, aged 33, was arrested on suspicion of being a member of a banned organization, supporting a banned organization and encouraging terrorism, London's Metropolitan Police said in a statement.
5499	One type of particle found in cosmic rays is the muon.
5500	One vehicle was almost completely flattened underneath the rubble of the bridge.
5501	One was that Jonathan Holton's eligibility petition was denied.
5502	One woman in particular, who used to have a big job and prided herself on her intellect, shared the difficulty of being redefined by people after she was diagnosed.
5503	One worker who declined to give his name said that they had been "forced" to turn up.
5504	One year ago, analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had a median price target of $1,815 an ounce for the end of 2013.
5505	One year, I resolved to master our new computer system (who was I kidding?
5506	On Feb. 5, Hardy Officer Gary D. Henry was arrested and terminated after admitting to using the city's credit card to fuel his own personal vehicle, causing a total loss to the city of $3,600.
5507	On Friday, he went 0-for-4 with three strikeouts.
5508	On Friday, NASA launched its first unmanned flight of a spacecraft designed to take people to the Red Planet.
5509	On Friday, the Islamic State group released a new video showing the beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning after nearly two straight weeks of daily airstrikes against their fighters.
5510	On Friday, the San Francisco Zoo opened up its wolverine exhibit - and while far from the high country where the carnivore is said to roam, the zoo's two newest residents provide a rare window into the lives of one of North America's rarest mammals.
5511	On Friday, US State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Washington is working to ensure that any Ebola-related evacuations "are carried out safely, thereby protecting the patient and the American public."
5512	On January 4, 2006, Sharon suffered a stroke and fell into a coma, leaving his deputy Ehud Olmert to take over as prime minister.
5513	Online information and guestbook may be found at targhettaandwooldridge.com.
5514	Only 39 percent of Democrats said their party most; about as many Democrats trusted both parties equally.
5515	Only about 12 hours old, their daughter died.
5516	Only a few hundred users downloaded the apps from either site, but at least one Reddit user said he'd lost almost $12,000.
5517	Only a handful of such petitions are typically accepted for full review.
5518	“Only people who have been in prison can understand these feelings,” said U Win Htein, a member of parliament who spent 14 years as a political prisoner.
5519	Only Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., manages an even split with 21 percent of people viewing him positively and 21 percent viewing him negatively.
5520	On Monday (30.06.2014), Israeli soldiers and civilian volunteers initially found two of the bodies in a field, in a shallow hole in the ground covered by rocks.
5521	On Monday, it said it had been notified of the formal investigation by the Belgian judge.
5522	On Monday, the Department of Justice announced the indictment of members of China's military for allegedly hacking into numerous American businesses and entities.
5523	On Saturday, a man using the same phrase was shot dead by police after attacking them.
5524	On-site first aid staff began CPR on Wallin before firefighters and paramedics arrived and took over.
5525	On Sunday, I was lucky enough to see the new Broadway production of another dark Steinbeck Depression staple, Of Mice and Men, starring James Franco as George and Chris O'Dowd as the tragic Lennie.
5526	On Sunday, the famed groundhog "Punxsutawney Phil" emerged from his burrow in the town of Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, saw his shadow and - as the legend goes - predicted six more weeks of winter.
5527	On the contrary, it will help prevent many from becoming ill and dying prematurely," he added.
5528	On the corners, pedestrians - not even looking up.
5529	On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed.
5530	On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate, or light sweet crude, for November recoiled to US$89.67 a barrel, from US$93.16 a week earlier.
5531	"On the one hand, you can forget the budgetary reality, which we will not do.
5532	On the other hand, homemade meals are usually lower in sodium and higher in potassium.
5533	On the Pistons' final possession, the ball found its way to Jerebko, but he lost the handle as Thunder players slapped at the ball and officials ended up calling a tie ball.
5534	On the second occasion, the manager did not read the referrals but took the documents home to read.
5535	"On the track, you couldn't tell him apart from a veteran.
5536	On the whole, while my own three often tried to convince me otherwise, I like children a lot.
5537	On this date: In 1782, Gen. George Washington created the Order of the Purple Heart, a decoration to recognize merit in enlisted men and noncommissioned officers.
5538	On this September 1 that reason could, perhaps even should, have been the anniversary of the start of the Second World War.
5539	On Thursday, XPO announced that several groups have agreed to invest $700 million in XPO to fund future acquisitions.
5540	On top of that, a buyer still has to fork out for the charging station ($2000 installed), and add extra cost onto their home power bill.
5541	On Tuesday morning, he was dressed in full uniform and was skating on a line with Adam Lowry and Michael Frolik rather than his usual pairing with Blake Wheeler and Evander Kane.
5542	On Tuesday, oil tank cars were observed parked along the entire length of the existing single lane track off City Road.
5543	On Tuesday, Steven Blaney, the federal minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, released an email statement addressing Emery's return to Canada.
5544	On Tuesday, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew insisted in testimony before lawmakers that it was not tacit approval under federal law.
5545	On Wednesday, Celis, a former Microsoft senior enginer, trailed Sutherland, a retired biochemist, by just 265 votes — 15,257 to 14.992.
5546	On Wednesday, the government also provides its latest forecasts for British economic growth and public finances.
5547	On Wednesday, troops shut down main roads in central Baghdad while pro-al-Maliki demonstrators held a small rally in Firdos Square.
5548	Operating nurse Stephen Makuch of Victoria stopped in Independence Square to reflect on the past 10 days.
5549	Opinion: Great expectations set on India's new government India has elected its new parliament.
5550	Opinion: Peter Kassig's murder by ISIS: Sign of weakness from terror group on the run Concerns in Egypt Islamist-leaning militias from Misrata seized control of Tripoli in the summer, forcing the parliament to relocate.
5551	Opinion polls had indicated that Erdogan would obtain around 54 to 58 per cent of the vote.
5552	Opinion polls show the "No" camp with just a slight advantage over the secessionists.
5553	Opinion: Scotland, you want out?
5554	Opponents have also been working hard, trying to stop any further development.
5555	Order yours today.
5556	Oregon caved, and forked over an additional $43 million.
5557	Or from listening to someone for five minutes or more each day with no expectations.
5558	Organisers were criticised for not suspending matches, with some players describing conditions as "dangerous".
5559	Organ transplants in Canada see 'moderate' increase Venter's privately held company Synthetic Genomics Inc on Tuesday said it has entered a multi-year deal with United Therapeutics' Lung Biotechnology Inc to develop the so-called humanized pig organs.
5560	Originally published on Space.com. 13 Ways to Hunt Intelligent Aliens 7 Ways to Discover Alien Planets Copyright 2014 SPACE.
5561	Originally, the contraction in the second quarter had been reported as 0.2 percent.
5562	Or, 'I have to go somewhere else to get this, because the money I make, even though I work full time, isn't enough.'
5563	Or in Season One, when Andrea was forced to put a bullet in her younger sister Amy’s head as she transformed in her arms—that death actually made me cry.
5564	Or is the Greek government's message too optimistic?
5565	Orman refuses to say whether he would align himself with Democrats or Republicans.
5566	Or many others.
5567	Or maybe we ought to form a new political party entirely," Trudeau asked his friends, he writes.
5568	Ornelas’ optimism stems from a roster that is small—only 14 girls in grades nine through 12 are out for the team—but experienced, with many of the players having grown and improved as players while taking their lumps the past two seasons.
5569	Orr, 31, most recently spent time on loan from Blackburn with Championship club Blackpool, where he made four appearances.
5570	Or send us your experiences using the form below.
5571	Or something more lethal?
5572	Or so the Italian media expected.
5573	Or the intrepid could hike for hours or backpack for days deep into the wilderness.
5574	Or without Iran?
5575	Oscar Pistorius took off.
5576	Oscar's most popular date: Mom March 4, 2014 -- Updated 1320 GMT (2120 HKT) Many of Hollywood's hottest award contenders brought Mom along to share in their Oscar glory.
5577	OSCE monitors brought the eyes of the world to unstable parts of Ukraine.
5578	Oskar Groening didn’t kill with his hands.
5579	Other cities like Memphis, Detroit and New Orleans have taken steps to preserve their musical culture.
5580	Other dinosaurs on display include the 6-foot-long therapod Tawa hallae and Vancleavea, an underwater reptile.
5581	Other DJs and record labels have re-released old, rare albums, either under-the-table at shows or simply illegally.
5582	Other events weren’t as calm.
5583	Other incidents included: Another problem identified by the charity was an increase in the popularity of pleasure craft.
5584	Other meteorologists have not been shy about their feelings.
5585	Other relatives "told us that (the remains) were burned, and that they couldn't be the kids," Lopez said.
5586	Other retailers who wouldn’t play ball: Apple, Home Depot, IKEA and Lowe’s.
5587	Other returning veterans for the Warriors include seniors Kale Nelson, Sean Berg, Alex Larson, Jack Sliefert, Jason Flaherty and Ake Berg and junior Bryce Radke.
5588	Other safari activities seek out black and white colobus monkeys, gray-cheeked Mangabey and bird-watching at the Kamiranzovu Waterfall.
5589	Others did not receive this feedback.
5590	Others have gone through political changes that have bolstered investor confidence.
5591	Others prefer the puffy texture of a beer batter.
5592	Others see a move by Assad to make himself indispensable.
5593	Others stood red-eyed and shell-shocked.
5594	Other than his parents, he was preceded in death by his daughter, Causie Griffin; his brother, Raymond Griffin, and Raymond’s first wife, Cecelia; and his brother-in-law, Allen Kelly.
5595	Other times, data brokers make unwarranted assumptions about people based on what they know about those people.
5596	Otherwise, he's been shaking up taxes, eliminating the state's corporate tax and proposing to raise others, like the fuel tax, to fix the state's crumbling roads.
5597	Otherwise, you may be wasting the organization's time in training you.
5598	Ottawa-based nature photographer Nina Stavlund says sunsets in Greece are the only ones she's seen that are better than Ottawa's.
5599	Ottawa company R.W. Tomlinson has a contract worth nearly $150 million to widen the Queensway between the Nicholas exit and Highway 174 interchange, in preparation for the new light rail line.
5600	Ottawa firefighters had trucks and equipment on the Fallowfield and Hunt Club Highway 416 overpasses for Cirillo's procession.
5601	“Ottawa is all about political parties, political stances and so forth, based on political ideologies and so forth, and my point is that coming from the North, I’m not steeped with that and I don't necessarily buy into that.”
5602	Our adrenal glands are designed to provide adrenaline for a short burst in times of fight or flight, but then require time to recharge between events.
5603	Our body chemistry changes during a seizure and the dogs are trained to pick up on that smell.
5604	"Our carrier bag addiction is symptomatic of our throwaway culture and has serious implications for the environment.
5605	Our Commenting Policies Today's Headlines: First Look Newsletter Find out what will be news for the day, with our first-thing-in-the-morning briefing.
5606	"Our department is shaken.
5607	"Our freight is higher.
5608	"Our government makes every effort to honour those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country, irrespective of the length of time that has passed.
5609	Our hiding is over."
5610	Our Justice Committee does not enjoy catching the City violating civil and human rights.
5611	Our kids played hard and they tried hard.
5612	Our kids want to learn, and we want the school district to do a better job of teaching."
5613	“Our main priority is making sure the transition that he’s undergoing after five years in captivity is successful,” he said.
5614	Our one-touch menu gives you easy access to your favorite writers and sports, special sections, and more.
5615	Our persona in the beginning was run, run run.
5616	"Our prayers go out to the family of the driver.
5617	"Our professional caterer is also co-operating fully with the investigation and, as a highly regarded business, takes its responsibilities extremely seriously in this area."
5618	Our program is not a fit for every author and every author is not a fit for Progressive Rising Phoenix.
5619	Our province is currently on a slide into a pit of debt with an aging population and a steady stream of young people heading elsewhere to find careers.
5620	"Our small contribution is for them to recognize their sickness and to help each other."
5621	"Our system is set up for not accepting refugees," she explained, adding that once they are there, a lot of effort is put into making sure they leave again.
5622	Our team comprises more than 100 staff members and spans 10 key departments.
5623	Outfielder Jason Kubel and shortstop Jason Bartlett will also be in camp next month on minor league deals.
5624	Out of the blue The girls' parents say they had no idea their children planned to travel.
5625	Outsiders see these acts simply as efforts to slow down the nuclear program.
5626	Outside Somalia, Kenya is its main target.
5627	Outside the courtroom, Bieber attorney Roy Black called the lawsuit "frivolous" and intended mainly to generate publicity.
5628	Overage estimates from third party bill screening report surveying over 20,000 wireless customers multiplied by major U.S. carriers’ reported postpaid subscribers.
5629	"Overall, states would likely continue seeing growth in revenues for the rest of fiscal 2014 as well as in fiscal 2015," she said.
5630	Overcharged batteries likely to blame in Boeing 787 fires Most Canadian airlines already have stopped accepting lithium metal batteries as cargo.
5631	Overshadowed by the intrigue of a Parisian love triangle and a glamorous White House gala, Tuesday's policy talks between Obama and Hollande will showcase a revamped relationship that is now a cornerstone of diplomatic efforts in Iran and Syria.
5632	Over the course of three years, the researchers report in The Lancet, there were 26 percent fewer injuries from falls and 39 percent fewer falls that were specific to the home fixes in the improved houses compared to the waitlisted homes.
5633	Over the last weekend, Prime Minister Stuart defended the economic policies of his administration saying that he was certain that in the “route” being pursued would yield the success the island wants in the future.
5634	Over the past 30 years, Koskinen has given more than $100,000 to Democratic causes, according to FEC filings.
5635	Over the past decade, ALS research has been jump-started by technology that creates a so-called "disease in a dish."
5636	Over the past year ISIL fighters have seized regime weapons depots even after they were captured in joint battles with other groups, said Abdel Rahman.
5637	Over the weekend, it became clear that Andrew Cuomo considers the possibility of a Tim Wu victory in the Democratic primary for Lieutenant Governor next week to be very real indeed.
5638	Over the years, Bangladesh has passed several laws, many quite progressive, criminalizing or otherwise banning torture.
5639	Over the years, White's Doc Ford series has been solid — and often outstanding — and his new series featuring Hannah Smith as the protagonist is off to a great start.
5640	“Over time, the burial land will be revegetated,” he said.
5641	Owed $6 million for the 2013 season, Boldin balked at a proposed $2 million paycut last offseason from his previous employers, the Baltimore Ravens, whom he helped win the Super Bowl last season with several clutch showing in the playoffs.
5642	Owned and operated by Volunteers of America of Florida, services available at Tallahassee Veterans Village include: Housing, Health Services, Training, Education, Counseling and Employment.
5643	Paddington Bear statues are pictured in front of Tower Bridge during a photo call ahead of the relea … - Refugee on sticky journey - Bond has also designed his own statue of the bear.
5644	Paez Vilaro, who was white, was born in Montevideo on Nov. 1, 1923.
5645	Painted on three horizontal registers, Apples and Cakes make a challenging distinction between two and three dimensions.
5646	Pakistan became a nuclear power in 1998 and routinely test-fires what it claims are indigenously developed missiles.
5647	Pakistan's branch of the Taliban opposes vaccination against polio and considers such campaigns a cover for spying.
5648	Pakistan's government showed support for the students.
5649	Palestinian anger has been fueled in the past weeks by Jewish settlers moving into largely Arab neighborhoods, and an increase in the number of visits to the sacred Old City compound by Orthodox Jews, includng some politicians.
5650	Palestinians reported that two people were wounded by the Israeli air strike: a 30-year-old man and a one-year-old child.
5651	Palin will have to keep it up for the next nine weeks, when there won't be time to practice or the opportunity to sand down that line to keep it from sounding small and mean.
5652	Panelbase found that among those who had a view on independence, 43 percent were in favour and 57 percent were against.
5653	Paramedics also carried away a woman with blood-covered feet.
5654	Paramedics had said she had suffered severe head trauma and life-threatening injuries.
5655	Paramount Home Entertainment Brian Truitt, USA TODAY 5:31 p.m. EST January 27, 2014 Check out an exclusive clip from the Blu-ray/DVD release of the comedy.
5656	Parent and clinical psychologist Michelle Kincade submitted research to the Calgary Board of Education that shows it's not good for a child's well being to switch schools.
5657	"Parenting is so much more about the emotional capacity to care more about your child than it is about yourself.
5658	“Parents can contact us at any time for clarification around uniform issues.
5659	Parliament was also expected to consider a report from the comptroller's office on its attempts to root out corruption.
5660	Part 1 9. Historic win for Samisoni Viriviri 10. Growing rugby in Scotland 11. Rugby rivals face off in kicking challenge 12. Who will be crowned rugby player of the year?
5661	Part 3: What does Canada need in a navy?
5662	Part 4 6. The perfect workout?
5663	Participants may get poked, handled, bound and subject to simulated torture by things that go bump in the night.
5664	Participants threw jibes at Cont Mhlanga – one of the directors of Skyz Metro FM – that bordered on the personal following a polished and detailed presentation of the radio station’s business proposal by Qhubani Moyo, CEO of Fair Talk Communications.
5665	Participants were ordered to leave their cellphones outside, more soldiers were on guard and they were heavily armed.
5666	Part of AOL Family Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
5667	Part of AOL-HuffPost Entertainment Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
5668	Part of complete coverage on 1 in 7 Americans faces hunger August 18, 2014 -- Updated 1955 GMT (0355 HKT) A new survey shows American families still face food insecurity in the aftermath of an economic downturn.
5669	Part of complete coverage on China to Hong Kong: Beijing is boss June 13, 2014 -- Updated 0812 GMT (1612 HKT) Hong Kongers have reacted angrily to a Chinese government white paper affirming Beijing's control over the territory.
5670	Part of it is that there’s more scrutiny in general of the minutia in people lives with the telephoto lenses and tabloid culture,” said Selvaratnam.
5671	Part of my mission is to give that a resurgence and maintain it.
5672	“Part of politics is trying to have sharp elbows publicly in order to make a deal privately,” Christie told me.
5673	Parts of the city of Baquba - just 60km (37 miles) from Baghdad - were briefly taken over by the rebels.
5674	Paschal says he was strongly urged by his mother, who works at IBM (IBM), to consider a business major.
5675	Passengers on the cruise that ended early will receive a future cruise credit of 20% of their fare, as well as a one day per diem to help offset ancillary expenses such as meals, the line adds.
5676	“Passionate about her culture, she also volunteers to run cultural sessions for young people in her community.
5677	Pat is a veteran police and courts reporter for the Deseret News and KSL and has covered some of the biggest stories in Utah for the past two decades.
5678	Pat Living, a spokesperson for Yukon's health department, says the two wells that provide drinking water to the town have tested clear of contamination.
5679	Pat McCarthy, the Pierce County executive, said the same economic benefits will come to our region next year.
5680	Patricia "Katie" Krenwinkel: January 20, 2011 - Denied parole for the 13th time.
5681	Patrick Breen Patrick Breen/The Republic Diamondbacks' Cody Ross celebrates with pitcher Brandon McCarthy after scoring in the second inning against the Padres during the Memorial Day game at Chase Field in Phoenix, AZ on Monday, May 26, 2014.
5682	Patty Teague Lizalde 5pts Personally, I think weed smells worse than a regular cigarette.
5683	Paul famously refused to endorse the GOP's then-presumptive nominee Mitt Romney or speak at the convention.
5684	Paul Manly, the son of former NDP MP Jim Manly, has criticized the New Democrats for blocking his nomination in a Vancouver Island riding.
5685	Paul Postma participated in his first full practice with the team since being out with a blood clot in his calf.
5686	Paul Rudd invites Royals fans to party For much of the past 29 years, the Royals haven't been a baseball afterthought, they've been a non-thought, except for their loyal fans.
5687	Paulsen thinks this year's finish among quarterbacks will prompt fantasy owners in 2015 to wait even longer to draft a passer.
5688	Paul's remarks, which came before a social conservative audience at the Values Voter Summit in Washington, were laced with attacks against the administration.
5689	Paxton is recovering from a strained left back muscle that forced his removal from the April 8 game against the Angels at Safeco Field.
5690	@pdxd2thesequel Not very likely.
5691	Peaceful resolution of this dispute is imperative for durable peace and stability in South Asia.
5692	"Peaceful," the husband said.
5693	Peace is the most possible impossibility."
5694	Peace talks between the two sides were suspended after the men were captured by the left-wing rebels at the weekend.
5695	Peckham asked at a news conference Wednesday.
5696	Peg Richardson Nunley 5pts That is absolutely untrue!
5697	Pekerman said his team had become "a family" after Colombia was dealt a number of setbacks before travelling to Brazil.
5698	Pen Farthing, a former Royal Marine sergeant, is reuniting soldiers with the stray dogs they befriend while serving in Afghanistan.
5699	Pentagon spokesmen have referred questions about the raid to the Yemeni government.
5700	People and real estate are a company's most valuable assets and by developing them both in tandem and with technology we can unlock significant value.
5701	"People are able to cobble together enough of a supply to get by day to day."
5702	People are encouraged to bring their voting cards with them when casting a ballot.
5703	"People are reading for hours on end, not only starting books but completing them."
5704	"People are using conventional political wisdom that doesn't apply in unconventional political times," he said.
5705	People at the campground used a garden hose to pull the 12-year-old from the water and called 911 around 4:30 p.m. The 48-year-old was freed from the logs and continued to float down river.
5706	“People love to stay in downtown where they can just walk around and not be pulled out of the city.
5707	People on the Syrian side protesting against the ditch have been shoveling soil and using their bare hands to refill it.
5708	"People still read hardbacks and books are still collectors' items so we expect Strand will continue to fare well against Amazon," says Sperber.
5709	“People thought I was desperate.
5710	People were too slick.
5711	People will look for countries and banks that don't have agreements with the US."
5712	"People will open up and talk in ways they never would if they were speaking aloud.
5713	People with higher educational attainment are more likely to be married than those with less education, the report said.
5714	“Perception,” 10:01 p.m. (TNT): Moretti asks Pierce to examine a woman who has confessed to murder and claims to be possessed by the devil; Donnie and Moretti’s wedding plans hit a snag.
5715	Perdue was asked about his “experience with outsourcing,” and his response was blunt.
5716	Perel similarly explains that as humans, men and women have a need for security, predictability, safety, dependability, reliability and permanence.
5717	Perhaps a spoonful of sugar will help this snub go down.
5718	Perhaps - but please explain why the women took the pill they say he handed them..
5719	Perhaps he was capitalizing on public hysteria over an illness that so far has caused a single death inside U.S. borders.
5720	Perhaps it's the loaded tournament field.
5721	Perhaps surprisingly, the Mariners also took a run at free-agent catcher Russell Martin despite having Mike Zunino, whom they have often characterized as a cornerstone, in place.
5722	Perhaps the two candidates can afford to use air conditioners, but many Taipei residents do not because they want to save money.
5723	Permalink Flag David Kroll, Contributor 1 day ago Doc, can you drop me a Gmail at tips4davidkroll with more details?
5724	Permalink Flag Eamonn Fingleton, Contributor 11 hours ago A reply to Daryl May: You write that “Sometimes it’s actually a good idea for us to partner with other countries to reduce our costs.”
5725	Permalink Flag Lindsay McGaw 13 hours ago “A team like Seattle could sign him to the minimum, let him play third and give him a longer look.”
5726	Permanent and full financing for a protected area system.
5727	Perry, who is seeking to re-establish his national credentials after a disastrous bid for the GOP presidential nomination in 2012, said Tuesday he looked forward to meeting with Obama.
5728	PETA does not seem to be discouraged by HB1652.
5729	Peter Jackson's journey through his adaptation of "The Hobbit" has been unexpectedly long, as what was intended to be a two-part project was broken up into three movies.
5730	Peter Knego Both men and women have their own dressing areas as well as saunas.
5731	Peter Knego This is the bar at Winston’s Cigar Bar.
5732	Peterson, 22, was 14-for-28 over the past seven games at Advanced-A High Desert with seven extra-base hits and 11 RBIs.
5733	PG&e, gas and food are the biggest costs.
5734	Pham, 26, was invited to the White House afterward, where Obama hugged her and praised the bravery of health care workers who put themselves at risk to help Ebola patients.
5735	Phaneuf said down the stretch drive it was important to find time to rest some "bumps and bruises."
5736	Pharmacy students from the University of Missouri-Kansas City will offers free health screenings.
5737	Philip Chism, 15, was charged with following a Department of Youth Services staff worker into a bathroom last month, where prosecutors say he beat her, stabbed her with a pencil and attempted to strangle her.
5738	Philip's area spotted an unusual visitor sunning on the rocks Friday afternoon.
5739	Phil McGrew kept his camera going for an hour and a half as a storm passed over San Francisco's Bay Bridge in April 2012.
5740	PH: I mean, that could've been just another failure.
5741	Photo: AP Now watching Up next Raw Footage of Hong Kong Protest Clear Out Authorities begin to clear out the main Hong Kong protest site that has been occupied for more than 10 weeks.
5742	Photo galleries: The Boston attacks Click through our galleries of the Boston Marathon bombing, from perspectives on the attack to the suspects, as well as the manhunt and celebrations in Boston after both suspects were found.
5743	Photographs: (L) Courtesy of Sue, (R) Marie McGrory As I talk to my fellow survivors I truly can't believe I spent so many years disconnected from this group of my peers with such an incredible shared experience.
5744	Photo: Reuters Load More CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian-brokered cease-fire halting the Gaza war held into Monday morning, allowing Palestinians to leave homes and shelters as negotiators agreed to resume talks in Cairo.
5745	Photo: Reuters Now watching Up next Islamic State Claim Seizure of Air-Dropped Weapons Islamic State appears to have picked up a U.S. air-dropped munitions pack in Kobani but Pentagon says the vast majority have reached Kurdish fighters.
5746	Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, Associated Press A pedestrian walks with an umbrella as the first rain of autumn..
5747	Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Oakland Raiders' fan Gary Heathcock of Vacaville cheers during Raiders' game against the San Francisco 49ers at O.co Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday, December 7, 2014.
5748	Photos From Antone's Closing Party on Riverside Gallery: Architects of Air at the Long Center While you were shivering inside on Friday, the Architects of Air, a collection of inflatable, kaleidoscope light tunnels, opened on the Long Center's lawn.
5749	Photo tour: A day of deep..
5750	Phyllis Pearson held a $15-minimum-wage sign as she prepared to march with her husband, Dexter Pearson, in their first Martin Luther King Jr. march.
5751	Physical inventories should be done annually by individuals who are not responsible for inventory records.
5752	Physically, at 16 years of age, is he going to hold his own in the first team?
5753	Pictured here is a vendor selling jars of homemade "Ajvar," a type of relish mainly made from roasted red bell peppers.
5754	Picture: Wayne McCabe "It's one of those subjects you don't really want to have to talk to children about but she loves the film so we explained it to her.
5755	Pierce Co Repub 5pts @Hountoof When compared with yours?
5756	Pierre Bourdages says police received two separate reports Tuesday morning of a man, who was spotted near Westridge Drive.
5757	Piet Hein, Danish designer, scientist and poet, once wrote, “What made the Danish Modern?
5758	Pimco, which oversaw $1.91 trillion in assets as of December 31 according to the firm's website, has been in the spotlight since January's announcement that Mohamed El-Erian was resigning as Pimco's chief executive officer and co-chief investment officer.
5759	Ping your smartphone from your smart watch, and it will scream for you even if you left it on silent.
5760	Pink, who has focused heavily on touring, was the third top-grossing woman in music followed by Rihanna and Katy Perry.
5761	P. is especially excited; they have both wanted this for a while."
5762	Pistorius, aged 27, is accused of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
5763	Pistorius had struggled to explain alleged inconsistencies in his testimony and broke down sobbing on two occasions, forcing Judge Thokozile Masipa to temporarily halt proceedings.
5764	Pitchers and catchers are due at spring training in only 98 days.
5765	Pittsburgh’s corners were putrid at times in 2013, so the value of finding Dennard all the way down at 15 would be a godsend.
5766	Plaintiffs say that Apple used the software updates as an excuse to wield its DRM as a weapon against competing digital music stores, including one operated by RealNetworks.
5767	Plato had an image for our everyday consciousness.
5768	Playing this position is stressful, but that is what pushes me to get better at each practice.
5769	Play usually is conducted over three local courses and benefits children's charities, such as the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Lowcountry and The Deep Well Project Children's Fund.
5770	Pleas don't compare this to the first game because it wasn't even close.
5771	"Please can you leave the pool," a woman once told me when I was 22, visiting the Dead Sea in Israel, "we're not comfortable with you in it."
5772	Please confirm or modify the email address to which you will have subscription offers sent.
5773	Please confirm the information below before signing up.
5774	Please continue criticizing others for their mistakes.
5775	Please don't answer irrational haterd against other irrational haterd.
5776	Please enable javascript and/or update your browser if possible.
5777	Please help us to maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior.
5778	Please keep comments short and precise.
5779	Please login or register to post comments.
5780	Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.
5781	Please plan on attending this important meeting.
5782	Please select the reason you are flagging this content: spam, trolling or just inappropriate.
5783	"Pleas of not guilty entered to each count" Zelich attorney Jonathan Smith told a judge.
5784	Plenty, now that it has a million-dollar kitchen at its main downtown branch.
5785	Plenty of good films have worked better this way.
5786	Plumes of smoke rose from the nearby hills on footage broadcast by the Lebanon-based television station al-Mayadeen.
5787	Plus how are you going to defend yourself if you are wasting time fumbling around looking for your mag?
5788	Point guard Raymond Felton was arraigned on two felony weapons possession charges following an early-morning arrest.
5789	Point-to-point intercontinental travel would be the next application of this technology, meaning that one day passengers could travel around the world in about two hours.
5790	Police also describe him as having "very distinct facial tattoos."
5791	Police also sought the father's medical records.
5792	Police and paramedics are at the site, which is located near the Queen Elizabeth Way and the Erin Mills Parkway west of downtown Toronto.
5793	Police are asking anyone with information to contact the RCMP in Leduc or Crime Stoppers.
5794	Police are hunting the robber, who struck at the Lawrence General Stores in St John's Road, Margate.
5795	Police are now asking for tips from the public.
5796	Police are seeking court orders to have both animals destroyed, he said.
5797	Police canvassed the area and found "significant damage" inside a single unit.
5798	Police commissioner Ann Barnes appears before the Kent and Medway Crime Panel Her commitment to stand again came after she endured an uncomfortable grilling by an independent panel about the TV documentary Meet The Commissioner.
5799	Police confirmed the authenticity of the footage aired by Egyptian media, adding the guards in the video had gone inside to raise the alarm.
5800	"Police detained 20 of us as soon as we arrived at Independence Square for the protest," activist Manuel Nito Alves told Reuters.
5801	Police do not know if the occupants of the vehicles knew each other.
5802	Police eventually spoke to the driver, who said she told the woman standing in the parking spot to move, but she refused, yelling and swearing.
5803	Police found a bullet hole in the hallway floor and another in the bedroom door.
5804	Police found him nearby.
5805	Police found Tanner's body Thursday.
5806	Police have one man in custody and they've detained another man for questioning.
5807	Police have tentatively identified the shooter, but are not "confident enough at this point to reveal the details," Anderson added.
5808	Police officers Ramiro Martinez and Houston McCoy shoot and kill Whitman in the tower.
5809	Police reports show he was arrested Aug. 27, and Sullivan dismissed the case for lack of probable cause three weeks later.
5810	Police responded to an apartment complex near 55th Avenue and Indian School Road in the Maryvale area around 2:15 p.m. for an emergency mental health pickup order.
5811	Police responded to a shooting on North Ervin Avenue just before 5:30 p.m. on Friday evening and found Davis lying face down in the front yard suffering from a gunshot wound.
5812	Police said he was taken to Eskenazi Health in critical condition.
5813	Police said Louis Mitchell Jr. was arrested Thursday and charged with auto theft, forgery and other offenses.
5814	Police said soldiers guarding the parliament building had prevented it reaching its target.
5815	Police said the 33-year-old woman was hit at the junction of Stokes Croft and Ninetree Hill at 22:00 GMT on Saturday.
5816	Police said the investigation, in which the FBI is assisting, could take weeks.
5817	Police said they arrived to find the father Greg, 54, armed with a knife.
5818	Police said they found the victim's pendant in Quihuis' vehicle.
5819	Police said they had identified two "persons of interest."
5820	Police said they had no details about his medical condition beyond that.
5821	Police said they will conduct follow-up investigations.
5822	Police said to be linked to regional narcotics gangs reportedly attacked busloads of students in the Guerrero city of Iguala on Sept. 26, in a night of violence that left six people dead and the 43 missing.
5823	Police say a 45-year-old woman was in a park in the area when the assault occurred, in the early hours of Friday morning.
5824	Police say Lee is originally from Okinawa, Japan.
5825	Police say the driver was sent over the railing onto the pavement below.
5826	Police say they are still investigating the crash and are unable to say if speed or alcohol were factors in the accident.
5827	Police say witnesses gave conflicting reports on if the boy was riding the skateboard at the time or bending down to pick it up.
5828	Police superintendent Stewart Carle told reporters at the scene that people were killed over "a number of sites".
5829	Police tell WSAZ.com the woman at the Foodland in Kanawha City was shot in the chest during a robbery late Thursday night.
5830	Police were seeking Raymond Walker, 33, on charges of assault and inducing panic.
5831	Police – who had already been to the house shortly before the 4 p.m. arrest to mediate a dispute – found Bolte sitting in the bushes with a rifle.
5832	Policymakers want to cash in a "peace dividend" from a military operating in a world in which America's "unipolar moment" is over, according to the Director of National Intelligence.
5833	"Political and social tensions arise in producing countries that depend on income from oil and gas.
5834	Political party (in this case) makes no diff.
5835	Pominville opened the scoring at 8:08 of the first period.
5836	Poor weather conditions and the aftershocks hampered rescue efforts.
5837	Pope Francis has lamented the abandoning of the traditionally Christian practice of not working on Sundays, saying it has a negative impact on families and friendships.
5838	'Pope Francis would be welcome in Munich' 30.01.2014 Amid a host of pressing global topics, the Munich Security Conference won’t focus much on its 50th anniversary, its head Wolfgang Ischinger tells DW.
5839	Pope meets Orthodox leader at close of Turkish trip Pope Francis has attended an Istanbul church ceremony alongside Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians.
5840	"Poroshenko can sort out the situation in the country only with Putin's help and without fighting Putin," said Mykhilo Pohrebynsky, head of Kiev's Centre for Political and Conflict Studies.
5841	Poroshenko said Friday he was ready to conduct another round of talks between representatives from Ukraine, Russia and the rebels.
5842	Port Director David Malone declined to comment on the situation Friday.
5843	Portions of 17 states, from Montana to Massachusetts, were at slight risk of severe storms Tuesday, including the possibility of a few tornadoes, the National Weather Service's Storm Prediction Center said.
5844	Portland went ahead in the 13th minute when Hagglund's pass out of defence hit midfielder Diego Chara, who fed Adi.
5845	Possible picks (By Brent Sobleski) Khalil Mack (Buffalo): A local product who finished tied as the NCAA’s all-time leader in tackles for loss.
5846	Post a comment Click here to cancel reply.
5847	Posted Tue, Aug 5, 8:51 p.m. Inappropriate Ya never know.
5848	Posted Wed, Jul 23, 6:06 p.m. Inappropriate Of course all employees everywhere know that their top management officials are capable of making errors.
5849	Potanin, however, insists that neither he nor his partners expect sanctions to get so tough that they would hurt trade.
5850	Potassium helps moderate many important bodily functions, including blood pressure and water balance.
5851	Pot may have better potential for the state than pork.
5852	Potters create the handcrafted bowls not for others to fill them with soup or other hot goodness, but to serve as a reminder of the less fortunate with empty bowls worldwide.
5853	"Powerful and absorbing … yet another formidable (Oates) novel."
5854	Powers is being sent to the Restigouche Hospital Center in Campbellton and is scheduled to return to court on March 11. Friends of Powers, who was with the military, have said he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
5855	Powers said it's only natural for founders to hire people they know and trust.
5856	Predictably enough, Microsoft isn't thrilled and is warning people away from the hack, even as some sources say it allows users to continue obtaining free security updates for Windows XP.
5857	Predy’s sentiments were echoed by Kellan Moore, who recently added a new tattoo on his arm.
5858	Prejean is here to see Manuel Ortiz, convicted in 1992 of the murders of his wife, Tracie Williams, and her friend Cheryl Mallory.
5859	Premier Jiang Yi-huah (江宜樺) has demanded that Cabinet officials ensure food products containing illegal cooking oil are removed from shelves by tomorrow, Executive Yuan spokesperson Sun Lih-chyun (孫立群) told a press conference yesterday.
5860	Premier Li Keqiang declared a "war on pollution" in a report during the country's annual parliamentary session on Wednesday, but critics say the statement amounts to mere rhetoric without legal reforms to back it up.
5861	Prentice said the motivation behind the act was the many frustrated Albertans he met this summer during his travels as he campaigned for PC leadership.
5862	Pre-plan in-cabin treats such as champagne or having your bed decorated with rose petals.
5863	President Barack Obama has always acknowledged there are times when military force is necessary.
5864	President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced the United States will send troops, material to build field hospitals, additional health care workers and community care kits to affected nations.
5865	President Barack Obama presents Bush with the 2010 Medal of Freedom at the White House in February 2011.
5866	President Bashar al-Assad's government describes all of those fighting to oust him as terrorists and has pushed for efforts to combat "terrorism" to be the main focus of peace talks in Geneva.
5867	President George W. Bush stood at 36% in June of 2006, Bill Clinton was at 60% in June of 1998, and Ronald Reagan stood at 64% in June of 1986.
5868	President Morales said it was inspired by the architecture of the Tiahuanaco civilization of pre-Hispanic Bolivia.
5869	President Obama, in his remarks on the South Lawn of the White House on Friday, said, “Nobody has an interest in seeing terrorists gain a foothold inside of Iraq, and nobody is going to benefit from seeing Iraq descend into chaos.”
5870	President Obama of course ordered already a full review of all the activities, but what has happened in the last few weeks shows that full control has not yet been established.
5871	President Petro Poroshenko has pledged to offer the eastern regions that form the economic backbone of Ukraine some limited self-rule, although the separatists say they want nothing less than full independence.
5872	Presiding Judge Kenneth R, Barr denied Williams an OR (Own Recognizant) release and appointed a public defender to defend him.
5873	Preview: The Ebola Hot Zone Lara Logan reports from an Ebola treatment center run by the International Medical Corps in Liberia, where Americans are fighting the battle agai..
5874	Previous Article A Matter Of Perception If we've learned anything over the years, it's that sports drug testing can easily be beaten, and the fact that the Seahawks keep getting busted says more about their skill in hiding it than anything.
5875	Previous Article The Quarterback Gap The Big Ten's recent struggles aren't just about its lack of "SEC speed," but also involve deeper issues of geography and recruiting.
5876	Previously, Apple had removed apps that allowed users to trade in the virtual currency, restricting access to the wallet apps that act as the bank accounts of the bitcoin world.
5877	Previously, STP built walls of concrete pillars underground, on both sides of the tunnel route.
5878	Previous studies have found friend groups can influence choices about alcohol, but haven't looked at the possible social payoffs of drinking.
5879	PREV of NEXT Mike Siegel / The Seattle Times Chukundi Salisbury, with Seattle Parks, walks in Fauntleroy Park on one of his favorite Seattle park trails.
5880	Prices in Britain will start at 25 pounds a month on a contract or 380 pounds without.
5881	Prices were taken in local currencies between March and May 2014 and converted into USD (where applicable) on March 31, 2014.
5882	Priests and other representatives convened Thursday in Harlan to be handed checks in the main disbursement of Skalla’s estate.
5883	Primary radar sends a signal from a ground-based station using that big, screen-like rotating antenna that one sees at the local airport.
5884	Prime Minister Modi has visited Tokyo, strengthening ties with another wealthy industrialized state as well as emerging counterweight to the PRC.
5885	Princess Anne of Britain, who competed in equestrian at the 1976 Montreal Olympics, says the ceremonies should remind the world the athletes "are committing themselves to the Olympic ideal" — not just be a big party.
5886	Print Colorado home of JonBenet Ramsey for sale again The Boulder, Colo., house where 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey was found dead in 1996 is once again on the market, more than 16 years after John and Patsy Ramsey sold it.
5887	Print For Tom Brady and Peyton Manning, Sunday will be latest, and possibly greatest, matchup The AFC Championship Game could be the last big postseason game between the two star quarterbacks who are in the final stretches of their careers.
5888	Print Giant virus revived after more than 30,000 years Researchers have revived a giant virus more than 30,000 years old, recovered from the permafrost of northeast Siberia.
5889	Print Guest: U.S.-China relationship thriving, despite challenges The benefit of Chinese people visiting the United States is more than just tourism dollars spent here, writes outgoing Ambassador Gary Locke.
5890	Print Reports: Penn State’s Bill O’Brien agrees to become Texans coach Bill O’Brien will replace Gary Kubiak as Houston’s head coach, sources said on Tuesday.
5891	Print Strong earthquake hits east of Nicobar Islands A strong earthquake shook an area east of India's Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal on Friday evening, officials said.
5892	Priorities diverged sharply between those supporting a Democratic candidate for Congress and those backing a Republican.
5893	Prioritizing the people in your life offers a chance to reflect on who truly matters to you.
5894	Prior to her work at NBCNews.
5895	Prize money given by the One Stitch at a Time Quilt Extension Club.
5896	Pro-army civilians joined the police in some of the clashes.
5897	Professor John Curtice, of the University of Strathclyde, said the poll suggests there is no reason to believe the swing to the SNP does not extend to what are supposedly the safest Labour seats in Scotland.
5898	Professor of environmental health at the Trinidad campus of the University of the West Indies Dr. Dave Chadee told IPS there is ample "evidence that climate-sensitive diseases are being tweaked and are having a more significant impact on the region".
5899	Pro Green - whose real name is Stephen Manderson - also said that medication he was taking after his accident “made everything really difficult”, adding: “I was waking up with knots in my stomach.”
5900	Progress - and setbacks - in the fight against ISI..
5901	Prohibition was repealed in December 1933.
5902	Pro-life advocates Today's strategic pro-life bills are making headlines almost daily for their dramatic, sweeping effects.
5903	Pro-Russia demonstrators in Ukraine's east are getting support from Russians inside Ukraine, though the "volunteers" as they are called may not all be acting on orders from Moscow, say experts and pro-Russia groups.
5904	Pro-Russian activists argue in Mariupol about how to thwart the upcoming Ukrainian presidential elections.
5905	Pro-Russian insurgents also have been fighting Ukrainian troops in the neighboring Luhansk region, which like Donetsk sits along the border with Russia.
5906	Pro-Russia sympathizers, including one woman holding a Russian flag showing the portraits of Russian Prime Minister Dimtry Medvedev and President Vladimir Putin, rally Thursday in Sevastopol, Ukraine.
5907	Prosecutors have successfully argued for restrictions to Tsarnaev's ability to communicate with the outside world, after saying he may try to incite other attacks.
5908	Prosecutors say they were not requesting a psychiatric evaluation, seeing no need for one.
5909	Prosecutor takes on Jodi Arias Sexual assault cover up in the military Who profits off your hospital bills?
5910	Pro-settlement groups claim historical and biblical links to the occupied land.
5911	Prospective attackers can force a server to default back to SSL 3.0 for the sake of the exploit.
5912	Protesters fed several fires by tossing wood upon the bonfires in Independence Square, which was under the demonstrators' control.
5913	Protesters in front of burning tires on Grushevsky Street.
5914	Protesters occupied Taiwan's parliament and mounted mass demonstrations over three weeks starting in March in anger at the trade pact, which will open various sectors in both economies.
5915	Protesters were set to rally outside McDonald’s restaurants in cities including Boston, Chicago and Miami to call attention to the denial of breaks and other violations they say deprive workers of their pay.
5916	PROTEST IN LUHANSK While the government tightens its grip around Slaviansk, now encircled by the army, it appears to be losing ground in its easternmost region of Luhansk, where border guards have fled several bases after coming under attack.
5917	Providing military-to-military assistance to Ukraine seems to be the only way the West can help stop this war relatively quickly.
5918	Province in a 'death spiral,' warns McKenna So said former premier Frank McKenna in a speech at the Atlantic Canada and Northeast U.S. Energy Summit in Saint John on 24 October 2014.
5919	Provisional results show that Frelimo leads with 62 percent of the vote, while the official opposition Renamo has 32 percent of the vote and the Mozambique Democratic Movement has won just over 10 percent of the votes counted so far.
5920	Ps. There is no reason, why I have an Italian name.
5921	Psychological study after psychological study has found conservatives to be more accepting of authority than are liberals.
5922	Pub bought by charity 09:27: Cara Thorpe BBC Newcastle A historic pub has been bought by a charity as the starting point for a £10m cultural quarter in Sunderland.
5923	Public meetings held in October regarding a crude by rail terminal in the Port of Vancouver proposed by Tesoro Corp and Savage Services garnered tens of thousands of comments, many of which centered on concerns about crude train crashes and spills.
5924	Public pressure has been mounting, especially because the movement of cargo — several billion dollars' worth on an average day, mostly to and from Asia — has been slowed.
5925	Public shock and disgust at the brutal reality of war broadcast over YouTube and Facebook makes it much more difficult for governments to carry out large scale military aggressions.
5926	Public works has also added Lower Queen and Water streets from Great George to Pownal to its priority clean up, because more businesses and organizations have been moving into that area.
5927	Pulpo Media empowers advertisers to more efficiently and effectively secure mind and market share gains across the total Hispanic market.
5928	Putin also earned rebukes form world leaders over the arrest of 30 Greenpeace activists who were protesting drilling in the Arctic and for reportedly pressuring Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych to walk away from a customs union with the EU.
5929	Putin has supported an OSCE peace plan that calls for ending hostilities and launching a political dialogue.
5930	Putin has variously been pictured horse-riding bare-chested and swimming in a mountain stream in Siberia while on vacation.
5931	Putin played very, very patiently: not only because of the complex internal situation in Ukraine that an instant Russian intervention may well have further complicated, but also to get ready for the next Nazi assault on Russia.
5932	Putin's concerns, it must be said, could also be domestic.
5933	Pyatt posted a picture on Twitter of the two of them laughing as they read the Russian official's Twitter message.
5934	Qatar holds the revolving presidency of the GCC and the country's Emir on Tuesday publicly invited his fellow GCC rulers to Doha for the group's annual summit.
5935	Q&A with Patrick Marshall Special to The Seattle Times Q: I bought a new Acer laptop with Windows 8.1.
5936	Q. How do financial literacy and entrepreneurship fit together?
5937	Qualcomm executives said the result of the new investigations are unclear, but they signaled that neither was likely to end anytime soon.
5938	Qualification for the AP status will have two steps: Candidates will be required to take the first-tier exam as well as a test tailored to their chosen specialization.
5939	Question No. 1: Buy and hold what exactly?
5940	Quinhagak likely was one of dozens of settlements, maybe more, in the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta at the time, and may have been sizable, said Ann Fienup-Riordan, an Alaska-based cultural anthropologist who has worked with Yup’ik people for 40 years.
5941	Quit blaming the cops for the criminal's behavior!
5942	Quizzed on why he mentioned a "jail source" in his first article, the defendant said: "A jail source is tabloidese.
5943	QVMC Chief Operating Nurse Alicia Shields said she sees many drug overdoses in the emergency room and patrons tell her drugs are easy to get in the venue’s campground.
5944	Q: What’s the best word suggestion you’ve ever had?
5945	"Rachel was on her back in between the car and the building.
5946	Rada’s nearest session will show how many lawmakers she has under her command,” the source indicated.
5947	“Radical events started and not only Ukrainians but also many people from other countries, who took part in different regional conflicts, who are wanted by international police, are involved in it.
5948	Radio Raheem wears "love" and "hate" on his rings, a reflection of the neighborhood's volatility (and a nod to Robert Mitchum's preacher character in "Night of the Hunter," who has the words tattooed on his knuckles).
5949	Radio was still king; there wasn't much risk in seeing what would work on TV.
5950	Radwanska's fate was confirmed when she netted after 70 minutes to give Cibulkova victory and a place in the record books as the first Slovakian to reach a Grand Slam final.
5951	Railroad spokesman Gus Melonas (mel-OWN'-us) says there were numerous reports of trespassers crossing through or under parked trains.
5952	Rain fell Friday in Southeast Texas and elsewhere in the state, with high waters clogging roadways and impeding traffic in metro areas such as Austin and Houston.
5953	"Raise your face to the mirror.
5954	Raising the percentage of women and minorities on the Microsoft board of directors from 33 to 40 percent.
5955	Rajab told The Associated Press he did not meet Malinowski.
5956	Rambo and Seaton were the first same-sex couple to be granted a marriage license in Eureka Springs after a judge overturned Amendment 83, which banned same-sex marriage in the state of Arkansas.
5957	Ramphele, a medical doctor and former World Bank managing director, told a news conference on Monday she had rushed into the decision to join the DA.
5958	Ranbaxy says Europe bars imports from antibiotic injectables unit A Ranbaxy office building is pictured in the northern Indian city of Mohali May 14, 2013.
5959	Randall offered a series of explanations for the inexplicable, how she'd finished fourth in her quarterfinal heat.
5960	Rangel said bureaucratic hurdles had been worked out and Emamectin Benzoate would be available with special approval on an emergency basis.
5961	“Rare speed for a tight end,’’ Carroll said.
5962	Rather, China Development Financial would place more emphasis on asset management, allowing the group to gain fund efficiency and earnings, Yang said.
5963	Rather than being seen as a desecration, cutting up the flag into mementos were seen as sort of a cherished possession.
5964	Rather, their models are evidently Sino-Japanese.
5965	Rather, the trickiness was in how Democrats could or should finesse such an unconventional contest.
5966	Rather, the Turkish government is likely to give its full cooperation to the campaign against ISIS so that it can secure agreement of a U.S.-backed no-fly zone in Syria: this, Ankara believes, would address both concerns.
5967	Ravi Tadapaneni, 28, lost control of his car and struck their pickup.
5968	“Ray probably said, ‘Julie knows me and could say I never did anything wrong that she saw,’” Sardie said, “which is true.
5969	RCMP say it’s believed Pogachar is in Central America and Lombardi the Bahamas.
5970	Reached Friday, Renfro reiterated auditors' conclusions Crane's office exposed Idaho taxpayers to risk and broke its fiduciary duty to state taxpayers, all to protect the credit rating of the local government fund from a downgrade.
5971	Reaction to defense closing May 3, 2013 -- Updated 1707 GMT (0107 HKT) But how did go over in the courtroom?
5972	Read about this blog.
5973	Readers should be careful not to assign comments to real people who may have names similar to screen names.
5974	Read John's story here.
5975	Read More About Tea has come a long way from the white-glove formality of Downton Abbey.
5976	READ MORE Blood Test Predicts Alzheimer’s But that’s a deeply unscientific stance.
5977	READ MORE Google’s Kinda Evil After All The “habitable zone” is a region near a star that is warm enough for liquid water to exist on the surface, assuming the presence of a reasonable atmosphere.
5978	READ MORE More LaGuardia, Less Che He has written them sick, tired, and hung over; he didn’t miss a day when his father died last fall.
5979	Read more Press Releases from Alex Scrowcroft: Comment on this story..
5980	Read more Press Releases from Gary Mckinney: Comment on this story..
5981	Read more Press Releases from Jeff Hensiek: Datasource Consulting E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.
5982	Read more Press Releases from Nick Johnson: Comment on this story..
5983	READ MORE Slain Toddler’s Dad Googled Child Deaths But it was too little, too late.
5984	READ MORE What's Next For The Ladies Of OITNB?
5985	Read: Nadal beats Djokovic in French final "I could have easily lost my concentration in the fifth and handed him the win, but I didn't and that's why the win has special importance to me," Djokovic told reporters.
5986	Read on… To: LJ Rich From: Inbox by Gmail Subject: Press Release Hi LJ, Our new app Inbox by Gmail might be of interest.
5987	Read Quentin's story here.
5988	Read: Sharapova survives scare to reach last four Read: Serena crashes out of French Open Read: Bieber fan Bouchard into grand slam semi Part of complete coverage on Is a 'weak' Nadal bad for tennis?
5989	Read the full report.
5990	Read the full story here.
5991	Read this: Will African coins rewrite Australian history?
5992	Read: Van Gaal takes charge at Man Utd Did David Moyes deserve to be sacked?
5993	Real competitors take part in the Marmot Dark Mountains night-time race, which took place overnight from Saturday to Sunday in Glossop, England.
5994	Really what fueled me was the pure joy of being in a circus ensemble, something I'd dreamed of all my life.
5995	Real Madrid 1, Celta de Vigo 0. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from very close range to the top right corner.
5996	Recent experience, they say, is not encouraging.
5997	Recent Headlines More Living & Entertainment Get the scoop on new restaurants and find good eats in the South Sound.
5998	Recently, amid improving export growth and a recovery in private consumption, the Directorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics, raised its GDP forecast for this year to 3.41 percent, up from an earlier estimate of 2.98 percent.
5999	Recently, park officials had to ask summer visitors to refrain from frying eggs on the sidewalk when it became a thing.
6000	Recently, state-sponsored clerics in Jordan — long at the forefront of promoting religious moderation — and throughout the region have been especially vocal in denouncing the Islamic State.
6001	Recently though, the situation has changed.
6002	Recently Turkish Minister of Energy and Natural Resources Taner Yildiz has visited Russia, Yardim said.
6003	Recruiting grade: A 7. Florida (36-3, 18-0): Billy Donovan's Final Four squad will take a big hit — losing senior starters Scottie Wilbekin, Casey Prather, Patric Young, Will Yeguete.
6004	Redshirt freshman Ryan Hoefeld started four games at center, but has dropped to third string.
6005	Reed, who died in October 2013 following complications from a liver transplant, is already in the hall as a member of the Velvet Underground.
6006	Refrigerate at least 1 hour or until set.
6007	Refusing to settle on a reservation, Chief Joseph tried to lead his tribe into Canada, but was relentlessly pursued by the U.S. Army.
6008	Regional planning areas will be established to address the priorities shared by Kansans.
6009	Registered dietitian Casey Berglund noticed bacon was wrapped around many foods at this year’s Calgary Stampede.
6010	Register for an Engadget account today, visit the Engadget forums and start a new discussion!
6011	Regulators should encourage them to adopt more transparent pricing models.
6012	Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson told CNN that the Democratic leader feels he cannot vote for Boggs’ nomination to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, given Boggs’ past views on abortion, gay marriage and the Confederate flag.
6013	Rejected the label.
6014	Related: Autopsy of America: photos of dead malls Shares in the pharmaceutical firm AbbVie (ABBV) were volatile in premarket trading.
6015	Related: Coming soon: The official Maxwell House K-Cup But there are also airlines Southwest (LUV) and Delta (DAL) among the top 15 gainers.
6016	Related content European Parliament approves banking union reforms 15.04.2014 European legislators have voted in favor of the biggest overhaul of the bloc's financial system since the euro currency was introduced.
6017	Related content MH370 search widened to the Indian Ocean 14.03.2014 Malaysian officials have officially expanded the search for missing flight MH370 to the Indian Ocean.
6018	Related content Politkovskaya murder: Who's behind it? 09.06.2014 Despite the long prison sentences handed down in the Anna Politkovskaya murder trial, it's still unclear who ordered her killing.
6019	Related: Cost of living: How far will my money go in another city?
6020	Related: Energy influence in North Dakota is expanding — so what?
6021	Related: Hot dogs and beer: See what $20 buys you at MLB stadiums I did another piece on the stock in 2012.
6022	Related: How to game the currency market But Antar didn't just flag concerns about government resources.
6023	RELATED: 'Hunters for Life,' People Conceived by Rape, Lila Rose: Photos from the March for Life Charlotte Alter at Time on Dove's "feminist" marketing.
6024	Related: I'm drowning in student loan debt At the University of Cincinnati, staff are quick to spot "students whose conversations with us show a lower level of English" than their English-language scores suggest, Weller said.
6025	Related on HuffPost: Rwandan African Union peacekeepers carry weapons confiscated from Anti-Balaka Christians following looting in the Muslim market of the PK13 district of Bangui, Central African Republic, Wednesday Jan. 22, 2014.
6026	Related Stories and Links CityNews reporters take Ice Bucket Challenge P.K. Subban issues Ice Bucket Challenges to Drake, Phil Kessel, and others Rob Ford completed the Ice Bucket Challenge with a little help from a former Maple Leafs enforcer.
6027	Related Stories Paul Davis announces $20M to spur new business An important event took place last weekend in St. John's for web developers and designers looking to get their ideas off the ground.
6028	Related Stories SCHEDULE: Championship skiing on CBC Can Lindsey Vonn follow up her first victory in two years with another in the super-G?
6029	Related story: Barra's $14.4 million pay tops Akerson by 60% Mary Barra, who became CEO of the automaker in January, recently said that the problems were first brought to the attention of her team "a few weeks ago."
6030	Related What’s next Here’s where Storm players will be this offseason and an outlook on their return in 2015.
6031	RELATED: When You Should (And Shouldn’t) Tell Your Boss You’re Job Searching The short answer is, it depends.
6032	Related will develop both portions of the project, but the city will own the office space.
6033	Relations between Albania and Serbia hit a low during the 1998-99 Kosovo war.
6034	"Relationships require sacrifice, they require compromise," he says.
6035	Relations with the US remain Taiwan’s most important diplomatic issue, no matter which party is in power, Lin said.
6036	Religion News Service obtained a copy of the letter.
6037	Remembering Ayrton Senna 20 years on May 1, 2014 -- Updated 1500 GMT (2300 HKT) F1's greatest racer was killed during the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1 1994.
6038	REMINDER TO SENIORS: The annual Medicare Open Enrollment period ends on December 7. See Medicare.
6039	Renzi said during an end-year press conference that about 60 passengers remained on board more than 24 hours after the fire started and they would be brought to safety within "a few hours".
6040	Rep. Brownley asked Coates, "Have you had any formal apology from the VA?"
6041	Rep. Capito is holding fast to the statement that the EPA is overreaching.
6042	Rep. John Sarbanes: Can America Rely on Turkey?
6043	Reporter has it wrong.
6044	Report reveals new details about Newtown shooter A report on the 2012 Sandy Hook elementary school shooting highlights numerous missed warning signs concerning Adam Lanza before he killed 20 you..
6045	Reports did not specify the women’s hometown, although a story on the Mexican news site Impacto.mx asserted that the two spoke little Spanish and had come to Mexico City via the southern Mexican state of Chiapas.
6046	Reports this week that repairs to our favorite tunnel-boring machine have been delayed another month come less as a surprise than as a fulfillment of lowered expectations for a project that has tested the patience of even the most forgiving Seattleites.
6047	Rep. Paul Ray, a Republican from the northern Utah city of Clearfield, plans to introduce his proposal during Utah's next legislative session in January.
6048	Republican Hugh Weathers, seeking another term as agriculture commissioner, is on his website in a photo with his wife, Blanche, holding their springer spaniels, Hub and Baby Girl.
6049	Republican Mike Rogers, who heads the House Intelligence Committee, also told the CNN program "State of the Union" that Obama needed to "lay out a very certain case" on confronting Islamic State.
6050	Republican pollsters knew the GOP would benefit from a smaller and less diverse electorate, but didn't predict the extent to which some Democratic allies would stay home.
6051	Republicans are especially bullish in Iowa, where their candidate, Iraq war veteran Joni Ernst, leads Bruce Braley by 49% to 47% for a Senate seat Democrats have held for nearly 30 years.
6052	Republicans want to lower the amount and want changes in a law that would help speed up removals.
6053	Requests must be approved by both the secretaries of state and defense, and then sent to the Congressional armed services, foreign affairs and appropriations committees, which carefully review the projects.
6054	Rescuers are searching for the other four, but continuous rain has hampered rescue efforts.
6055	Rescuers from local search and rescue office, soldier and police are searching for the missing, he added.
6056	Rescuers have pulled at least 41 people from the wreckage, even as seasonal monsoon rains impeded the search.
6057	"Researchers found that men with high exposure to UV filters BP-2 or 4OH-BP had a 30 percent reduction in fecundity, the biological ability to reproduce.
6058	Researchers found the bridgmanite in a meteorite that had fallen to Earth near the Tenham station in western Queensland, Australia, in 1879.
6059	Researchers unearthed the fossils in the Wadi Moghra desert in Egypt, but geological records show that millions of years ago the area was likely a tropical delta filled with swamps.
6060	Research has shown that skipping sleep may lead to weight gain.
6061	Research scientist Dr. Reese T. Jones, right, adjusts the electrodes monitoring a volunteer's brain response to sound during an experiment in 1969 that used a controlled dosage of marijuana.
6062	Reservations required for both.
6063	Residents and students aren’t the only ones concerned about traffic flow at the busy intersection.
6064	Residents like Montfort understand the cost concerns.
6065	Residents say they feel it's unnecessary and invasive when they have to stop at a checkpoint and declare their citizenship status every time they leave town, whether it be to get groceries at the Walmart in nearby Green Valley or to visit a doctor.
6066	Residents took the storm warnings seriously on Kauai, which was devastated by Category 4 Hurricane Iniki in 1992 that killed six people and destroyed more than 1,400 homes.
6067	Restricted firearms include all handguns that do not fall under the "prohibited" class, as well as semi-automatic weapons with barrels shorter than 47 cm (18.5 inches).
6068	Rethinking how the United States produces and consumes energy is a basic economic reality.
6069	Returns on that "smooth $2.5 BILLION".
6070	Return to the homepage Judge: Kasem can go home to wife if doctors OK it by KING 5 News and Associated Press Posted on June 2, 2014 at 6:00 PM Updated yesterday at 7:18 PM PORT ORCHARD, Wash.
6071	REUTERS/Brendan McDermid An index of Russian stocks <.
6072	REUTERS/Jorge Dan Lo … Mexican officials say they have not asked for anything in return from the United States, which gives Mexico aid via the Merida Initiative to fight organized crime.
6073	REUTERS/Toby Melville "We want to make sure that out of this big constitutional debate, we decide what we want for our future, because Edinburgh doesn't tend to pay much attention to the islands," Scott told reporters on Monday.
6074	Reuters TV file Members of the female punk band "Pussy Riot" stage a protest inside Christ The Saviour Cathedral in Moscow in a video still from 2012.
6075	Reuters was first to report in January that U.S. officials were considering supporting training of elite Iraqi forces in a third country.
6076	Revenue fell to $21.5 billion from $22.7 billion.
6077	Revenues were $4.9 billion, up from $4.1 billion a year earlier.
6078	Rex Tillerson, the president of ExxonMobil, has called McKibben a “purveyor of fear.”
6079	Reynolds American also narrowed its 2014 adjusted earnings forecast to a range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share.
6080	Ricardo Lockette continued his breakout with a 39-yard touchdown.
6081	Rice, kicked out of the NFL indefinitely in September after the emergence of video showing him punching his wife Janay unconscious, is challenging a ruling by league commissioner Roger Goodell.
6082	Rice will sit out two games and pay a fine.
6083	Richard Hunter, head of equities at Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers, said Tesco's competitors, the discount retailers had "loudly announced their arrival", while the supermarket's investment in its store revamp would continue to help profitability.
6084	Richardson said he acted properly, acknowledging a conflict of interest and removing himself from Sotera-related decisions.
6085	Richardson was filming "Papa" in Cuba — she plays Ernest Hemingway's fourth wife, Mary, in the film — when she read the script early one morning and immediately emailed her agent to sign up.
6086	Richards said that, unlike national web companies, Convergent staff can work with local customers on a daily -- even hourly -- basis to make sure the customer's message or products are reaching as many people as possible.
6087	Richie said Bryan is experiencing a run much like his own in the mid-1970s that made him an international star.
6088	Rick Sheaves said he left his cabin on his machine on March 6, going over a bank in a snow squall.
6089	Ridership is up so that means more revenue.
6090	Riggleman has also served on many committees in several leadership roles which include: insurance, school improvement, school safety, CTA president, lead negotiator.
6091	Right after it happened, in my little area, it's devastating in my two-block area.
6092	Right after the final goodbye the daughter gently slipped an acorn into my hand.
6093	“Right now, she doesn’t have her usual ability to respond and turn matches around,” said Patrick Mouratoglou, who has worked with Williams since 2012.
6094	Right now, the DSM's eating disorder category recognizes anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, plus -- added to the new version of the psychiatrists' bible just last spring -- "binge eating."
6095	Right now, the Jets have 71. To reach that projected number the Jets would have to win out.
6096	Riot police used tear gas, pepper spray and baton charges last weekend to quell unrest, the worst in Hong Kong since China resumed its rule of the former British colony in 1997.
6097	Riots, looting and arson broke out, with the destruction of a number of buildings and several businesses burned and looted.
6098	RIPPLE EFFECT The World Health Organisation's (WHO) latest update says the Ebola virus has killed almost 3,000 people in the West Africa outbreak, which began early this year in Guinea and has spread to Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal.
6099	R: It probably wouldn't be very hard to get another person to sit right here.
6100	Rivers had been performing the night before being hospitalized—she told the audience, "I’m 81 — I could go at any moment."
6101	Rizalman on Friday, Nov. 21, 2014 pleaded not guilty to burglary and assault with the intent to rape, each of which carries a maximum prison sentence of 10 years.
6102	Roach may end up refunding thousands of dollars once questions of mileage are settled.
6103	Robberies in homes are a real threat AFP/Getty Images via Getty Images Johannesburg is renowned for being a crime hot spot, but the lesser-known Pretoria, 60km away, is not far behind it.
6104	Robert Fricke, 41, has been charged with aggravated kidnapping, aggravated battery, and unlawful restraint.
6105	Robert Pope of New London, CT believes the best way to keep a safe workplace is to establish proven preventative measures and to see that every employee has a solid understanding of the best ways to safely go about their work.
6106	Robert Richardson says it's one of the best photos he's ever taken.
6107	Robert Turner’s jumper with 1:40 to play put the Red Raiders up three, and it looked like Kansas was going to drop a tough road conference game.
6108	Rob Gordon, another Simon Fraser University criminologist, said it's not feasible to expect local police forces to follow-up on the tens of thousands of people with medical marijuana licences after the law changes.
6109	Robichaud hopes new stocks will be available soon, but exactly when when will likely depend on the weather, he said.
6110	Robin Quivers: Veggies changed my life Eating right to boost your immune system Do you know your fruits and vegetables?
6111	Robin Williams, Rob Ford, ISIS, Kate Middleton, Malaysia Airlines, Joan Rivers and Frozen round out Yahoo Canada's list of top searches this year.
6112	Robot Swarm opens to the public on Sunday (Dec. 14).
6113	Rob Schumacher, USA TODAY Sports Billy Morgan of Great Britain during men's slopestyle qualification in the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympic Games at Rosa Khutor Extreme Park.
6114	Rockefeller compared that to the day Dr. Shoichiro Toyoda visited Putnam County in 1996 to open the Toyota plant in Buffalo.
6115	Rockingham-Mandurah’s seconds broke through in style by smashing Mt Lawley to the tune of 115 runs at Lark Hill.
6116	Rockin' Keys has some more space-themed keys on tap, including one that has a little UFO on top, beaming light down the length of the key.
6117	Rodgers failed to relay information to the White House on a drug offender's bid for a shorter sentence, a 2012 report from the Department of Justice Inspector General revealed.
6118	Rodman apologized Thursday for comments he made in North Korea about a detained American missionary, saying he had been drinking and was under pressure as he organized the game.
6119	Rodriguez said "mere possession" of endangered animals is an offense under Philippine law.
6120	Roger was a Latter Days Saints believer and also attended the First Baptist Church in El Dorado Springs for a time.
6121	Rohrer said he expects it will take a few days for the trip to sink in. But in the meantime, the experience has reinforced some of his Canadian pride.
6122	Rokudenashiko, or Megumi Igarashi, was not a household name in Japan but her arrest has certainly made her one.
6123	Roll up rapists," Mitchell posted on social networking site Twitter.
6124	Roman Catholic gay rights groups around the world hailed the paper as a breakthrough, but Church conservatives called it a betrayal of traditional family values.
6125	"Roman is in a good position as well and if he can finish second overall, it would be a major achievement for us."
6126	Romano begins her official duties as spokesperson at the annual Holiday Party hosted by The Social Network of New York every year.
6127	Roma remain second in the group on four points, two points clear of Manchester City, who were held to a 2-2 draw by CSKA Moscow, and a repentant Garcia said they still have a chance of qualifying.
6128	Ronald G. Brann, 44, formerly of New Gloucester and currently of West Gardiner, is charged in Kennebec County Superior Court with theft by unauthorized taking, a class B felony that carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison.
6129	Rosberg will race instead with a modified helmet featuring four golden stars, one for each of Germany's World Cup wins.
6130	Rose continued to be challenged physically, playing his third game in the last four days.
6131	Rose failed to tell Antelo which organization he was joining and she, who later became a witness for the prosecution, would regret ever meeting him.
6132	Rose is trying to make the team after his NBA season was cut short by another knee operation.
6133	Roselia said she knew nothing about the accusations that Abarca was involved in the murder of an agricultural leader last year, or of his supposed links to drug traffickers.
6134	Rose will tee off from the 10th hole at 7:51 p.m. on Thursday along with American Phil Mickelson, a five-times major winner who is seeking his first U.S. Open crown after a record six runner-up finishes, and amateur Matthew Fitzpatrick.
6135	Ross doesn't see the franchise heading that way, though.
6136	Ross hasn't responded to LL's request for comment, and LL isn't the only one Ross hasn't gotten back to.
6137	Rouas, who for years was the face of Fleur de Lys's front of house, died in 2012, and that may have contributed to Keller's decision to close.
6138	ROUBLE TROUBLE The Russian currency slipped on Friday after hitting its strongest levels in more than three weeks earlier in the day.
6139	Rouhani has proposed a 14 percent wage hike for public employees.
6140	Rousseff's campaign plan is to portray her main opponent as a representative of neoliberal economic policies.
6141	Royal Mail has long called for the regulator, Ofcom, to consider expanding the Universal Service mandate - which ensures mail is delivered across the UK, six days a week, at one fixed price - so that it includes rivals such as Whistl.
6142	Royce told CNN, however, that there are groups in Syria with which the United States can align.
6143	RSM McGladrey, an accounting, tax, and business consulting firm in New York, has introduced FlexYear, a program that provides a schedule similar to a teacher's.
6144	“Rudderless” isn’t always smoothly paced, and features a plot twist that’s awkwardly handled, but at its heart is a performance that resonates — and a director that, I hope, has more stories to tell.
6145	Rudolph said Idaho's lack of education support paired with miss-management of money and failure to maintain our transportation has propelled him to run for the state office.
6146	Rugged terrain, tight curves, high speeds -- it all adds up to a risky endeavor.
6147	Runners cross the line at the Best Western in Gravesend The team also hopes Strive will inspire children across the country to develop better life skills, such as communication and self-confidence.
6148	Running a company the size of Microsoft with its global reach and presence does, of course, mean relying on others.
6149	Rupert Murdoch is a scum-bag but he's a business man and there's money to be made on apolitical shows just like there is on espousing extremist conservative views via FoxNews.
6150	Russell said Kent understands Labrador issues better than race opponents John Ottenheimer or Paul Davis.
6151	’ Russell, who has progressed as well as anyone under Bosio, ­believes his coach has proven he will be a positive guide.
6152	Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula a month after the Allard Pierson museum opened the "Crimea — Gold and secrets of the Black Sea" exhibition in February.
6153	Russia denies having direct influence over the militants, and Russian President Vladimir Putin has said he will respect the Ukrainians' choice.
6154	Russian and EU ministers have tentatively agreed to meet on July 11 to discuss how Moscow's concerns might best be addressed.
6155	Russian businesses and individuals have also started taking their money out of the country because of the struggling economy.
6156	Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said on Monday that Syria plans to send a large shipment of toxic agents out of the country this month and can remove all its chemical stockpile by March 1, according to a Reuters report.
6157	Russian forward Alexander Kerzhakov, second from right, scores the final goal of a 1-1 draw against South Korea on Tuesday, June 17, in Cuiaba, Brazil.
6158	Russians Nikita Katsalapov and Elena Ilinykh, left, and Americans Meryl Davis and Charlie White celebrate during the flower ceremony for the Olympic ice dancing competition Monday, February 17. The Americans won gold and the Russians won bronze.
6159	Russia poured troops into Georgia - at one point they pushed close to the capital Tbilisi - and the West called Moscow's actions disproportionate.
6160	Russia's always-bellicose Russia Today channel ran an interview with U.S. professor and government critic Mark Mason, who called the Ferguson protests an outgrowth of income inequality and the militarization of American police forces.
6161	Russia's Maria Sharapova, also in Singapore for the WTA Finals, condemned her compatriot's comments.
6162	"Russia was in a shambles by the time Yeltsin left.
6163	Ryan Gosling's Sexiest LooksCheck out some of Ryan Gosling's hottest moments..
6164	Ryan Kennedy hit a home run for the Rattlers and Brandon Fleming was the winning pitcher.
6165	Ryan Mundy intercepted Teddy Bridgewater's 29-yard pass in the end zone in the closing minute, and the Bears hung on for the win after suffering two of the worst blowout losses in franchise history.
6166	Sacra, 51, is one of three American aid workers successfully treated after contracting the Ebola virus in West Africa.
6167	" Sadie said of getting 100 or more likes for a post.
6168	Sadly for the dethroned champions, they will not have the chance to wear them anymore at this World Cup.
6169	Sadly, no, as the last batch came out last summer, and the Tuppers are no longer working with St. George Brewing in Hampton, Va., which picked up production in 2010.
6170	Saeed Abedini, a 33-year-old U.S. citizen of Iranian birth, was sentenced to eight years in prison in January 2013.
6171	Saeed, now a Canadian citizen, was imprisoned and tortured in Ethiopia and Somalia for promoting freedom of speech.
6172	Saenz said the night was very difficult, mostly spent in the hospital with the two.
6173	Safe at home and at school!
6174	Sage Wilson, spokesman for Working Washington, a worker-advocacy organization supported by labor unions, echoed Burgess.
6175	Sagmiller is scheduled to be sentenced on Oct. 31. YouNews 7 year old misdiagnosed.
6176	Said another Maidan protester from western Ukraine: "What was promised doesn't make any difference to me.
6177	Sainsbury's reconstructed the trench scenes with the help of a war historian to celebrate the supermarket's 20 years of support for Royal British Legion, which runs the annual poppy campaign.
6178	Saint Peter's Basilica at the Vatican is silhouetted during sunset in Rome, March 11, 2013.
6179	Saks Fifth Avenue will open its first Hawaii store in the former IMP space, which is undergoing renovation.
6180	Salmond clearly believes the best position for him after the referendum is in Westminster.
6181	Salmond's deputy Nicola Sturgeon has replaced him as SNP leader and Scottish first minister.
6182	Saltar Menú de navegación Disappointment, departures and decline Malaga in 2013: from best Champions League newcomers back to the mediocre side in La Liga.
6183	SALT LAKE CITY — So many consequential events in Utah in 2014, so few slots in the Deseret News’ annual Top 10 list.
6184	• Sam Amick, USA Today Sports: On Omer Asik front, I’m told there have been no recent talks w/ Houston and Milwaukee.
6185	Same-sex marriage Hundreds gathered to celebrate the one-year anniversary of the day same-sex marriage became legal in Utah.
6186	Sam isn't likely to be on the active roster for Sunday's season opener against San Francisco.
6187	Samsung Galaxy Note III The Note III is huge.
6188	Samsung reps were unable to confirm the number of cams on hand, so if you want the best chance of getting $1,000 worth of free loot, you might want to queue up early.
6189	Samsung said in an emailed statement that it "considers the privacy and security of consumers' data a top priority".
6190	Samuel Lansdell, age 53, 5826 Ninth Avenue, Eastman, kidnapping-adult (one count).
6191	Sanctions have been imposed on Moscow, and the US and other European countries are planning to slap more on it.
6192	@SanDiegoChargersFan Surprised you didn't also mention not to root for the Seahawks!
6193	SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A teary-eyed Dana Barks was almost speechless after officials for the San Francisco's iconic Golden Gate Bridge approved a $76 million funding package for a suicide barrier that could prevent people from jumping to their deaths.
6194	SAN FRANCISCO » Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to bending.
6195	San Francisco is well within its authority to ensure that scarce housing resources are used primarily for housing."
6196	Sarah’s gay foster brother Felix, played by Jordan Gavaris, quickly establishes himself as one of the only non-Maslany characters on the show with a personality.
6197	Sara Sidner has a closer look.
6198	Sargsyan expressed Armenia's interest in cooperation and new investment projects with the U.S. participation.
6199	Saturday friends, family, and community members came together to finish landscape projects for someone they know and love.
6200	Saunders also has some thinking to do down the spine of the side.
6201	Saving women from 'useless husbands' Former doctor started the largest online supermarket in Nigeria, Gloo.
6202	Saying 'No' to drugs Uys has turned his attention to another scourge affecting his community: Drug use.
6203	Scaffolding was in place at the house in Walthamstow as work was being carried out.
6204	Scalia compares today's decision to the Betamax case 30 years ago.
6205	SCANA is a "low-risk, traditional electric and gas utility," he says, that should earn $2.85 a share in 2009, $3 in 2010. and $3.20 in 2011.
6206	Scenes from the field Browse through images from CNN teams around the world that you don't always see on news reports.
6207	Schlafly's allies in Illinois are gearing up to fight the amendment in the House.
6208	Schoesler, of Ritzville, said the Reuters misinterpreted his remark.
6209	Scholar Ramón Saldívar argues that a new generation of authors can "reverse the usual course of fantasy, turning it away from..
6210	School administrators say there will be a lot of work to be done before students can return to classes for the first time since June.
6211	School officials sent a text to parents that said, "The situation at Roosevelt (High School) is under control," KITV reported.
6212	Schulman says about 20 percent of his patients come to him so he can fix lumps, bumps and uneven butt cheeks done by unskilled doctors.
6213	Schumacher steers his Ferrari in front of a Eurofighter on the track of a military airport in Grosseto, Italy, in 2003.
6214	Schumer likened the prospect of fewer work hours to the adoption of the 40-hour work week in the 20th century, which he described as a benefit that also reduced work hours.
6215	Schumer said Sunday that money should include a special "Ebola Contingency Fund" that would reimburse states and local governments for treatment and containment of Ebola.
6216	Schuyler says she’s always been able to eat more than others, but for a long time she felt that as a woman she’d be judged for flaunting that skill.
6217	Schwarzer, like Bayern Munich club president Uli Hoeness last year, submitted a personal tax correction to the authorities.
6218	Science & Technology The winners of the prestigious Wolf Prize for 2014 were announced by Education Minister Shay Piron at a ceremony at the Eretz Israel Museum in Tel Aviv on Thursday.
6219	Scientists have recently made measurements that seem to bolster the belief that Voyager is in interstellar space.
6220	Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Today is an 8 -- It's action packed, today and tomorrow.
6221	Scott Applewhite, File) Status: Running for re-election FILE - In this Dec. 5, 2012 file photo, Sen. Mary Landrieu, D-La. is seen on Capitol Hill in Washington.
6222	Scott Fielding is hoping to move on to politics at the provincial level, after getting the nomination to run for the Progressive Conservatives in Kirkfield Park.
6223	Scottish Hydro Electric Power Distribution said its engineers were repairing the damage done in the Western Isles and are bringing two power stations on board with all customers expected to have electricity by lunchtime.
6224	Scott McGirr says the family identifies as Arab and can’t even speak Farsi, the language of Iran.
6225	Scott vowed to fully back Lungu to ensure that the party retains the presidency.
6226	Screen Sharing for Lumia is compatible with any television or other display with an HDMI port.
6227	Screwing both the state and it's workers.
6228	Scrivens is 1-3-0 with a 3.80 goals-against average over his last five games.
6229	Sea Change @ Irene's Pub, Friday at 9:30 p.m., $10 Just a little further north along Bank Street, at Irene's Pub in the Glebe, Ottawa's Sea Change is set to perform on Friday night.
6230	Seams in the coverage, though, were easier to exploit without Hall of Fame players like Sapp and Brooks defending.
6231	Search and rescue team members accompany local residents after a reported Syrian regime attack on August 11, 2014 in the Maadi neighborhood, an opposition-controlled area of Aleppo.
6232	Search through LinkedIn to see if you are connected to someone there.
6233	Season 4 cast: Nigel Harman Harman will play Green, a valet.
6234	Seattle had only one player of 61 on the regular roster and practice squad who did not work during the unpadded practice at the Quest Diagnostics Training Center: running back Marshawn Lynch (knee).
6235	Seattle Times arts writer Courtesy of Couch Armada Couch Armada will be on the prowl at Seattle Design Festival’s SDF2014 Block Party.
6236	Seattle Times movie reviewer Moira Macdonald gives it a 3.5-star rating out of a possible four.
6237	Seattle Times staff reporter BETTINA HANSEN / The Seattle Times Bellevue inside linebacker Mustafa Branch is a Stanford recruit.
6238	Seattle Times staff reporter Ellen M. Banner / The Seattle Times Sandra Kleven, left,with friend and classmate Lynda Humphrey, who made it her mission to get Sandra a Bothell High diploma.
6239	Seattle Times staff reporter TACOMA — Sedro-Woolley was in unchartered waters, but its opponent couldn’t have been more familiar.
6240	Seattle Times transportation reporter Most Popular Comments Hide / Show comments Gov Inslee - You have the next action here.
6241	Seattle Tucson Hincapie's nominees span the country and are found at a surprising number of latitudes, from Madison, Wisconsin to Gainesville, Florida.
6242	Seattle won’t know until winter if Wright, a 10-year veteran, will re-sign with Seattle.
6243	Second, it's extremely difficult to see what kind of action, at least in Syria or Ukraine, would be effective.
6244	Secondly, the First Vice Chair normally becomes the Chair of the African Union.
6245	Second prize went to a re-imagining of a van Gogh painting, as the artist may have painted had he a larger canvas.
6246	Second, the importance of social connections to health may be even better substantiated, and it, too, invites enjoyment.
6247	Security and emergency medical personnel work at the site of a car bomb explosion Monday, April 14, in the Ekremah neighborhood of Homs.
6248	Security informs Deedy that HPD was on their way.
6249	Security sources in Amman said Jordanian concern over the missile threat had diminished in recent months thanks to Iranian nuclear diplomacy with world powers and Syria's deal to ship out its chemical weapons for destruction abroad.
6250	Seeing ourselves as unracialized individuals, we take umbrage when generalizations are made about us as a group.
6251	Seeking the Light had a tough trip and finished third.
6252	See more glorious photos of birds here.
6253	See more of her photos on CNN iReport.
6254	See more photos on iReport.
6255	See more stunning bird photography.
6256	Select images available for purchase in the Maine Today Photo Store An autopsy performed Wednesday on Joseph F. Daoust, who died at Somerset County Jail, was inconclusive, the jail administrator said Thursday.
6257	Selena's various issues, including her tumultuous relationship with Justin Bieber, her stint in rehab and her punishing work schedule, have exacerbated her struggle with the disease, her grandfather says.
6258	"Selena was told several years ago there is nothing else that can be done," Biesman said.
6259	Self-taught Albanian photographer Adrian Limani captured this forced-perspective photo.
6260	Selvaratnam reports that the number of eggs at a girl's first menstrual cycle is 300,000 to 400,000.
6261	Semolina Pilchard 5pts all i know is..
6262	Sen. Angus King, I-Maine, one of the lawmakers who supported the report's release, praised Brennan for his handling of the report this week.
6263	Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell's chances of surviving a challenge from Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes are up to 97%.
6264	Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee Chairman Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, right, accompanied by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada, urged approval for raising the minimum wage at an April 2, 2014, news conference on Capitol Hill.
6265	Senator Hedlund's bill would require first-time offenders install an ignition interlock device on their vehicle for a minimum of six months.
6266	Send an unusual gift.
6267	SendMe is up-front about fees, requiring users to opt-in more than once to subscribe.
6268	Send suggestions to hungry@washingtoncitypaper.
6269	Send us your images and video, but please stay safe.
6270	Sen. George D. Maziarz, a Republican whose district stretches along Lake Ontario in western New York, stood out.
6271	Senior Israeli officials have also said that like themselves, moderate Sunni states are worried that Washington was not taking a tough enough line with Tehran.
6272	Senior Resident Magistrate Judith Pusey, after being advised of Daye's frequent change of addresses, said, "He's too transit for me, let him stay with the Government."
6273	Senior Senators including Senate Foreign Relations Committee ranking Republican Bob Corker and John McCain have also passed through.
6274	Senior starters Odyssey Sims, the national scoring leader, and Makenzie Robertson, the daughter of coach Kim Mulkey, had never before walked off the court at the Ferrell Center with a loss.
6275	Senior Trevor Releford led UA with 21 points, while junior Rodney Cooper had 19 points and freshman Shannon Hale added a season-high 17. • Releford leads all Alabama scorers with an average of 18.2 points per game, which ranks seventh in the SEC.
6276	Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has been an exception.
6277	Sentence of both accused, is set for December 12, 2014.
6278	SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Rescuers recovered the bodies of two North Korean sailors, pulled three survivors and were searching for 11 others missing after their cargo ship sank off South Korea's coast early Friday, the coast guard said.
6279	September 3, 2011 - Leaves New York to return to France.
6280	Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic (pictured, right) welcomed Rama with state and military honors in front of the Palace of Serbia, which was decorated with the flags of the two nations.
6281	Serena Williams's third consecutive U.S. Open championship allowed her to keep her No. 1 WTA ranking.
6282	Serve hot or warm with crackers or bread.
6283	Services will be held 10:30 a.m., Saturday, Jan. 25, at Ferry Funeral Home, Nevada, with the Rev. Mark Mitchell officiating.
6284	Serving: Lunch served Mondays-Saturdays, dinner served daily.
6285	Set aside. 2. Boil the noodles in abundantly salted water until cooked but still firm.
6286	Set edition preference Is your house old?
6287	Set edition preference Joan Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream September 4, 2014 -- Updated 2145 GMT (0545 HKT) Comedian Joan Rivers died Thursday, September 4, a week after suffering cardiac arrest during a medical procedure, her daughter said.
6288	Set edition preference Manchester United stunned by Swansea in FA Cup as woes continue January 5, 2014 -- Updated 1934 GMT (0334 HKT) Wilfried Bony continued his good form, scoring the winner for Swansea as it upset Manchester United in the FA Cup.
6289	Set edition preference Part of complete coverage on Ski star Lindsey Vonn: "I'm back to where I used to be" December 20, 2014 -- Updated 2012 GMT (0412 HKT) Follow us at @WorldSportCNN and like us on Facebook (CNN) -- What a difference a year makes.
6290	Seth Klarman, hedge fund executive and supporter of a neoconservative foreign policy, gave $1.7 million to super PACs in the 2014 election cycle.
6291	Set on the south lawn of Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, the 26,000 capacity space will utilise the famous back-drop of the Stadium and The ArcelorMittal Orbit.
6292	Seven civilians including children from nearby villages were killed by helicopter gunship fire, police and medics said.
6293	Seven county conservation groups teamed up with the farmer's federation to create the mobile teaching tool.
6294	Seven players, ranging in ages from 15 to 17, are facing charges in the alleged four attacks on four freshmen.
6295	Seventh graders represent Westwood in AAU program Hannah Bean looks to dribble past a defender.
6296	Several businesses in the Pahoa Market Place complex closed last week when the lava was projected to hit the area on Christmas Eve.
6297	Several councillors described standing in a constituent's basement after a flood when talking about their justification for approving the increase.
6298	Several days after the incident, Bohanon sought treatment at the VA Hospital, where he was found to have a hemorrhage in his eye, marks indicating strangulation, a footprint embedded in his face and road rash on his face.
6299	Several dozen people have defied orders to turn themselves in, and some are known to have fled to neighbouring countries.
6300	Several local musicians on Monday said that the Keithlys should be given a chance to earn their own reputation in the music scene.
6301	Several local news outlets have refused to call the close race.
6302	Several of the South Carolinians making the trip said that advanced age swayed their decision to go.
6303	Several pets in the home also died, however, Rountree said.
6304	Several witnesses rushed to douse the plane's flames and pull out the two women, the only people aboard.
6305	Several years earlier, Mickey had found a partner to help him run his thriving racing companies, which made high-performance parts and racing tires.
6306	Sex educators are concerned that young people are getting the wrong picture about sex from viewing online pornography.
6307	ShadyXV (Shady Records/Interscope Records) is set for release November 24, 2014.
6308	Shaffner says crews knocked down the fire in about 15 minutes.
6309	Shakaram predicted, however, that the crisis won’t end in just weeks.
6310	Shakira's Waka Waka was the official World Cup song in 2010 The last Fifa World Cup song for the South Africa tournament in 2010 was Waka Waka by Shakira.
6311	Shallow told the St. John's Morning Show that she has a message for Paradise Mayor Dan Bobbett.
6312	Sharapova won her second title at Roland Garros in the last three years, overcoming 12 double-faults Saturday to beat fourth-seeded Simona Halep 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-4 in the final.
6313	Shareholders aren't pushing companies to return cash via dividends or stock buybacks because they would rather see it invested for growth, says Larry Slaughter, head of corporate coverage at JPMorgan Chase (JPM) in London.
6314	Shares are down 45% from the high point in March.
6315	Share this: Tweet Share tumblr — Fulham Football Club (@FulhamFC) January 31, 2014 Share this: Tweet Share tumblr Here's our story on him.
6316	Share your photos, videos Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) -- Anti-government protesters in Thailand can consider this round of resistance a success, after getting Sunday's national elections delayed in the Bangkok district of Laksi.
6317	Share your stories, photos & videos now!
6318	Sharp, who also served on the U.'s governing board, then known as the Board of Regents, was the sixth mayor of Salt Lake City.
6319	Shaughnessy visited the Patriots on Wednesday, but the Cardinals managed to re-sign a key part of their defense.
6320	Shaun Wright has also resisted pressure to resign "They would laugh it off with a good smirk," he said.
6321	Shaw, knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1974, was also a philanthropist.
6322	Shawn Patrick Ouellette/Staff Photographer Select images available for purchase in the Maine Today Photo Store But that would be the extent of his time on the field, as it has been for every game this season.
6323	Shayk was the cover girl for the 2011 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue.
6324	She added: "If I can help other people in some way shape or form feel more comfortable or feel at ease with themselves then this is what this is all about, this is the bigger picture.
6325	She added: “I love the field and the windmill.
6326	She added: "Imagine the worst pain imaginable and that is what my dad is going through right now."
6327	She added that the feedback for other presidential finalists was also mixed.
6328	She also alleged Kenny sexually harassed her.
6329	She also expressed her gratitude to Ms. Simone Butler, Principal, and the students of the school for their kind donation.
6330	She also had a brief stint in Calendar Girls onstage.
6331	She also said that Ukraine, which is an OSCE member, sent no invitation and that the organization "respects the full territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine".
6332	She also spent many years on the crime beat as a staff writer at The Washington Post and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
6333	She also welcomed the $1 billion pledged last week by various parties during the U.N. General Assembly but said more is needed.
6334	She and Crowell have not been part of the organized opposition.
6335	She and three other board members — Gary Lipinski of the Métis Nation of Ontario, Robert Doucette of Métis Nation Saskatchewan and Bruce Dumont of Métis Nation British Columbia — have been asking Chartier for months to call a meeting.
6336	She attributed the drop to the association's efforts to educate pet owners.
6337	Sheba Velasco translates Ixil, a Mayan language in Guatemala, to English and her services are used in many immigration hearings in the U.S. With the recent flood of migrants from Guatemala trying to cross the U.S. border, Velasco has been busy.
6338	She became fascinated with golf-course agronomy (the science of growing the grass), but also the math and the angles and everything that takes place before a swing.
6339	She began gathering military records, photos, commendations and firsthand accounts of her father's heroism.
6340	“She cares about people, not about the prestige or the perception of her as a philanthropist,” Riccio said.
6341	She chose to work with SCS because she wants to work directly with and for the LGBTQ community with which she identifies.
6342	She currently is relocating to Boulder, Colorado, with her husband and three young children.
6343	“She'd been in a sitting position for about a year,” Ann Dentler told KREM 2 News.
6344	She declined to provide more details.
6345	She described getting a text from her 43-year-old husband a half hour before he died July 17 that read: "I'm good."
6346	She didn't look embarrassed at all.
6347	"She does have some damage," said Martineau.
6348	She eventually joined him in speaking with investigators from the Office of Inspector General, the Office of Special Counsel and the Government Accountability Office.
6349	She fights all the time.”
6350	She gave me a big brother.
6351	“She had a zest for life,” said best friend Roxanne Ortega.
6352	She had been accused of failing to declare earnings of over HK$1.8 million from her outside positions as a director and consultant of several companies.
6353	“She has been a consistent performer in the league and has given every opposition we have played problems,” said Laura Harvey, coach and general manager, in a news release.
6354	She has been collecting them since 1993.
6355	She has gold and silver medals from three Olympic appearances as a sprinter.
6356	She has not slammed her putter against the bag since.
6357	She has taught kindergarten at Cushing Community School for 20 years.
6358	She has transformed the front of her brick and wood-frame house into a shrine to her only son, a 6-foot portrait of him facing the street.
6359	She ignored him.
6360	She is a CBC TV and radio reporter and often subs as a TV host and producer.
6361	She is a true artist."
6362	She is obviously well-schooled in her craft and her technique is spot on.
6363	"She is the leader of this team.
6364	She is the sister of co-founder Tony Menard.
6365	She joined HuffPost Live's Caroline Modarressy-Tehrani on Jan. 27, 2014, to preview the Winter Games.
6366	She later infamously called her a 'chick with a dick' in 2007.
6367	She'll be staying at home.
6368	Shell has lagged those peers but evidence of positive change is mounting.
6369	"She might go back to prison," he said in London, noting that efforts to impose additional charges against his sister had failed and she was in the end sentenced for "propaganda against the regime".
6370	She needs to lose her license to teach.
6371	She now focuses on characterizing all aspects of exoplanets, from theoretical models of their atmospheres to detecting the growth of a constellation.
6372	She offers general and cosmetic dermatology services.
6373	She pleaded guilty to unlawfully issuing checks and served jail time in the summer of 1994.
6374	She pledged to meet with people on both sides of the issue on Wednesday.
6375	She pops in to visit every now and then but knows she is not welcome and keeps her visits brief.
6376	“She practiced religiously and broke into our lineup late in the season and averaged 345 in small bore and 407 in air rifle.
6377	She read food labels.
6378	She recently took up skydiving.
6379	She retired from Illinois Public Aid and was a school teacher in the Alton School District.
6380	Sherman penned a piece in Sports Illustrated filling the rest of us in on the back story between them.
6381	She's a former managing editor for healthcare and technology at National Journal and global health and science editor for Reuters based in Washington, D.C. and London.
6382	She said a search of the area, which lasted through Sunday, found no trace of the boat or the bodies.
6383	She said Bahamians have it “made in the shade” as they don’t have to pay taxes on “money that grows” and are not subjected to income tax.
6384	She said Congress should create a national digital library.
6385	She said demand should rebound in coming months although it appeared that businesses were proceeding with caution at the moment.
6386	She said her own son even played with the boy a few times.
6387	She said he wants to stay and she supports him ''where ever he wants to go.'
6388	She said partners should not spy on each other, though she acknowledged that it would be difficult to convince the United States to change its ways.
6389	She said performing at the opening of the Super Bowl was historic and comes with great responsibility.
6390	She said she believed justice had been served.
6391	She said she had been very hungry," Dora recalled.
6392	She said she purchased something online, and two weeks later, her checking account was hacked.
6393	She said she wants to see the man who hit her arrested.
6394	She said she was "excited" to reach the shore.
6395	She’s a semi-retired certified public accountant and he’s retired from the health care trade.
6396	"She's a wealthy girl and will get more deals and that will come, but this win is more about legacy.
6397	She says her son blacked out during the incident, and would've been left unconscious in the arboretum if another hazing victim hadn't found him and helped him.
6398	She says it's the third one since Thursday.
6399	She says she hopes her fight with Ottawa over funding for kids in care serves as an inspiration.
6400	"She says she wants to get her 11 years that she lost back," Sennik said in a phone interview Monday.
6401	She says worrying about tomorrow is a waste of time, that each day is a gift.
6402	"She's joking around casually and then you yell 'Action' and her heartbeat goes to 150 beats per minute," says co-star Mark Duplass.
6403	She smoothed out a near-flawless run Wednesday to edge Aussie Torah Bright and take down the American favorite, Kelly Clark.
6404	She's not at ease," Lisa Chambers said.
6405	"She's not inevitable," said Adam Parkhomenko, Ready for Hillary's executive director.
6406	She's not in her bedroom right now, what do you say?"
6407	She's not screwed it up.'
6408	She soon noticed that every time she said one of the dogs’ names little Zoe would begin some adorable giggling.
6409	She spoke about her time on city council (1991 to 2005) when she fought police requests to expand their budget.
6410	She started this role in May 2013.
6411	She stopped weighing herself when she hit 265 pounds.
6412	She stressed, however, that their finding did not amount to a discovery of a "gene for intelligence".
6413	"She's very personable, very kind," Vanecia Wiley, a manager at the senior housing community where Bronstein lives, told the Los Angeles Times.
6414	She takes it all in and says, "I wouldn't call it French.
6415	She then says she was subjected to months of secret interrogation by the paramilitary group, including a traumatic confrontation with her alleged abuser to check her story.
6416	Shetley went up for two and got fouled as she made the shot.
6417	She told investigators she saw the back of a person who appeared to be changing clothes; the person's rear was exposed, with clothes piled on the floor.
6418	She told me she didn’t know why the airline had done that and apologized.
6419	She wanted a doctorate degree in environmental engineering.
6420	She wanted the best and if you weren't doing the best she let you know about it.
6421	She wants to raise venture money to hire a controller/vice-president of operations, a CEO, a vice-president of marketing, a vice-president of sales, and more sales people.
6422	She was 29. Shain Gandee of MTV's "Buckwild" was found dead in April 2013 in Kanawha County, West Virginia, authorities said.
6423	She was a devotee of our principal founding documents, the Declaration and Constitution.
6424	She was an artist who especially enjoyed painting as well as gardening.
6425	She was arrested for investigation of two counts of fourth-degree domestic violence assault and booked into jail.
6426	"She was a strong spirit representing who we are as a people," he said.
6427	She was debating policy with her opponent in the presidential run-off vote on 26 October, Aecio Neves.
6428	She was disabled and a former employee at World Color Press.
6429	She was one of the Spelman students who was thrown out.
6430	She was preceded in death by her husband, Lee Andrews.
6431	She was preceded in death by her parents, her husband, a sister, Janet Lucy, and a nephew, Derek Lucy.
6432	She was reported missing the next day, launching a huge search with more than 100 people and 15 agencies, including the FBI.
6433	She was sentenced on February 22, 2011.
6434	"She was still alive, but couldn't speak."
6435	She was willing to trade her iPod for sex with a 27 year old man she met on the internet.
6436	She went on to say that, “While capital is an obvious need when starting a business, expertise in the area you are interested in is key.
6437	She will be so sadly missed."
6438	She will follow up with messages including notable tweets about each question asked and each response.
6439	She won 15.5 percent support.
6440	“She would have to almost double her white vote to win the election, assuming the black turnout is as good as it was in the primary,” said a former Louisiana Democratic political operative.
6441	Shields, who faced the Rays before at Kauffman Stadium since being traded two seasons ago, allowed just three hits with 10 strikeouts.
6442	Shirai, a former International Monetary Fund economist, said the BOJ should allow itself more than two years to meet its 2 percent inflation target if it wants to achieve that goal "without putting excessive burdens on households and companies."
6443	Shooting someone needs to have just cause.
6444	Shop owners in the city, which faced weeks of sometimes violent protests following Brown's death, have boarded up their windows, and students in one area school district began an extended early Thanksgiving break on Monday.
6445	Shortfall: Gordon makes only 45.2 percent of his free throws.
6446	Shortly after Kim's plea, France pledged 20 million euros ($25.4 million) to fight Ebola, including opening several care centres in Guinea.
6447	Shortly after that, Ghomeshi posted a long Facebook message saying he had been fired by the public broadcaster for his “sexual behaviour.”
6448	Shortly thereafter, Stanley Roberts has had enough, and he walks off the floor, claiming an injured leg.
6449	Should Anderson stay for the duration of his contract, he can collect another $500,000 in deferred annuity payments.
6450	Should fiscal developments in the future point to a need for additional revenue, having a VAT in place would provide flexibility to address that need and enhance the Government’s credibility as well.
6451	Shows smoke in the sunset.
6452	Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide He then took a job as a volunteer assistant at Division III Elmhurst College outside of Chicago.
6453	Shuba, who was white, congratulated his teammate on the Montreal Royals near home plate after Robinson hit a three-run homer on April 18, 1946, off Jersey City Giants pitcher Warren Sandell.
6454	Shutter attends counseling at the UA Counseling Center, but she cannot get a recommendation letter for hormone replacement therapy.
6455	Siedhoff said those who can't afford heat should stay with a relative or friend, or go to a shelter, rather than resort to dangerous heating methods.
6456	Sierra Leone last month recorded five deaths from Ebola, its first confirmed fatalities from an outbreak of the haemorrhagic fever that has is believed to have killed around 185 people in neighbouring Guinea and Liberia since March.
6457	Signs Of Anxiety And Panic Attacks An anxiety or panic attack often comes on suddenly, with symptoms lasting only a few minutes.
6458	Sign up for Gothamist Daily, which will deliver the day's most popular stories to your inbox at 5 p.m. every day!
6459	Sign up for the email version here.
6460	Silver Wheaton fell $.22 or 1.0 percent, to $22.36.
6461	Silver, while not expressly predicting results, offered percentage chances of victory for all the Senate races as well as a range of vote distributions in which the results has a predicted 90-percent chance of falling.
6462	Similar decisions by the regulator on British Gas, SSE, Scottish Power, and GDF/Suez are still pending and are likely to be announced in the coming weeks.
6463	Similarly, putting a fair value on the stream of payments to pay for the cost of doing business would also be hard.
6464	Simply surviving and avoiding any major injuries is a fair goal against the Ducks, who have won seven of their last nine games against ranked opponents and have lost to an unranked team only once since November 2009.
6465	Simply Unacceptable In Madrid last Thursday, European Commissioner Michel Barnier was waiting for his flight back to Brussels.
6466	Simpson captivated much of the nation.
6467	Sinaloa can be exceedingly brutal — it left 14 severed heads in iceboxes outside a mayor's office in the northern Mexican city of Nuevo Laredo in 2012.
6468	Since 1978, the year after the state launched its personalized plate program, the 59-year-old Hider has waged an unrelenting quest to, as he says, "slip one by" bureau censors.
6469	Since 2003, state officials have used a federal Environmental Protection Agency grant to monitor popular Oregon beaches and make timely reports to the public about elevated levels of fecal bacteria.
6470	Since 2005, the Sun has been delivered as a section within the Review-Journal.
6471	Since a Dec. 31 deadline to enter the program, the banks have delivered information on how many American clients they have served in recent months, and clarified with U.S. officials what the penalties for harboring funds in offshore accounts will be.
6472	Since forming its first private equity fund more than two decades ago, Thayer has completed 44 hotel investments with a total acquisition value of approximately $2.7 billion.
6473	Since Israel-Hamas fighting erupted on July 8, at least 2,086 Palestinians have been killed in the coastal territory, according to Gaza health official Ashraf al-Kidra.
6474	Since it’s connected to your Android phone (running version 4.3 or higher), it’s great for handling notifications.
6475	Since January 2012, 64 of the repeat offenders have gotten housing through the case management team and the Partnership Housing program.
6476	Since returning from Palestine 36 hours ago, I find myself confronted with feelings of detachment and minimization of what I encountered.
6477	Since the announcement, the company has seen a surge in job applications. 3. Costco Costco's starting pay is $11.50 an hour, and the average employee there earns $21 an hour, not including overtime.
6478	Since the city began planting parks in floodplains and changing the way it designs its buildings, Tulsa's residents have been paying some of the lowest insurance rates in the country and worrying less about losing their homes and property.
6479	Since the election, lawmakers in the party have worked to refine the way they speak about issues and have worked to craft a series of policies built around an anti-poverty agenda.
6480	Since the Founding Farmers Rye was Wasmund’s first rye whiskey, it took more than a year to get it right, and Arroyo was there along the way, even mashing grain.
6481	Since the HIV/AIDS pandemic began, it has killed up to 40 million people worldwide.
6482	Since the Israeli operation began, more than 1,207 rockets fired from Gaza have struck Israel, and another 333 have been shot down by the country's Iron Dome air defense system, Israeli army figures show.
6483	Since then, it has held roundtable discussions and sought more comments from the public.
6484	Since then she's posed for Vogue, made a splash with Jedward in the 'Celebrity Big Brother' house and earned over £2 million in endorsement deals.
6485	Since then: With the arrival of Ultra HD and 4K, TV makers are giving 3-D the back seat.
6486	Singer Alice Cooper always believed in Christ but wouldn't have considered himself a Christian before giving up his rock-star lifestyle, he told the Huffington Post.
6487	Sitting at No. 6 and having the choice between Matthews and Khalil Mack would not be too disappointing as a backup plan.
6488	Six climbers are presumed dead after officials say they likely fell thousands of feet in the worst alpine accident on the mountain in decades.
6489	Six of the Thunder's eight losses have been by eight or fewer points, and this one seemed destined to be just the second blowout defeat before Oklahoma City's comeback.
6490	Six people were taken to a local hospital, where a spokesman says one was taken into surgery with potentially critical injuries.
6491	Six soldiers were killed and 14 wounded, while three civilians including a seven-year-old child also died, the official added.
6492	Six-time European champion Maccabi Tel Aviv launches the international games at Cleveland on October 5 and visits the Brooklyn Nets two nights later.
6493	Skeptics have pointed to any increase in oil sales as evidence the penalties are unraveling without a deal fully addressing the Iranian nuclear threat.
6494	Skip to main content Enter your email address here to receive updates from the team.
6495	Sklar writes that our power comes from us and what we do and do well: “That is your capital.”
6496	“Skype and the Sixth Amendment are not compatible,” lawyer David Bailey said.
6497	Skyview got two of them back in the bottom half of the first, but the score stayed at 3-2 until the fifth inning, when Mountain Home increased it to 4-2 in the top of the inning.
6498	Slumdog Millionaire's Danny Boyle will be serving as director, while Michael Fassbender has been attached to star in the film.
6499	Smart showed improved distribution skills from his freshman season, boosting his assist rate nearly four percentage points, and is a terror in the open court, as he scored 1.134 points per possession on transition play types, per Synergy scouting data.
6500	SmartThings cofounder and chief technology officer Jeff Hagins likens the model to cloud-computing powerhouse Salesforce.
6501	Smith became expendable with their offseason additions of Justin Upton, Matt Kemp and Wil Myers.
6502	Smith blathered, "We also have to make sure that we learn as much as we can about elements of provocation."
6503	Smith filed one of the complaints in August 2013.
6504	Smith is also a member of Redskins ownership.
6505	Smith said that today’s announcement is a step towards improving the damaged relationship with its employees.
6506	Snacks after the meeting.
6507	Snarling and screeching, the bouncing water truck speeds backwards down the steep hill, in a cloud of coarse dust.
6508	SNC-Lavalin is headquartered in Montreal.
6509	So again, do you only have sex to procreate?
6510	So are beds for patients.
6511	So as Motorola's product mix becomes more heavily weighted toward smartphones, its financial performance should improve as well.
6512	“So a typical scenario goes like this; you find a used T-Mobile phone to buy online and the seller assures you that the device is clear for activation,” the company wrote.
6513	Soccer’s European body UEFA has already got the message - reducing the burden on any one country for its European Championship, with the 2020 tournament to be played in 13 cities across Europe.
6514	So certainly from the Crown attorney office we're taking it very seriously, certainly we're seeking higher sentences to denunciate and deter this sort of behavior.”
6515	So chipmakers need to pack more transistors in a given area to reduce the overall cost per transistor.
6516	Society can do better than that.
6517	So does what you said about Mr. Relaxed apply to you too or are you exempt from it?
6518	So Draper decided to drop the dinner rolls off at her church for the potluck before going home.
6519	So emotional and overwhelmed by getting Marmie back."
6520	So enjoy the holiday, or remembrance day, or whatever.
6521	So far no charges have been laid.
6522	So far, scientists have only extracts, not whole nuts; at this stage, it's hard to know what a modified nut would taste like.
6523	So, far, there’s been no indication the women will change their minds.
6524	So far we have trained over 100 girls,” she added.
6525	So, he added, even with crop damage, there will likely still be a fair bit of grain on the market.
6526	“So he cared for the little guy as well as his big wealthy clients.”
6527	So he hasn’t needed to be as daring as he would be if he were, say, playing behind the Bears’ defense, a virtual sieve.
6528	So he wasn’t intoxicated with joy and talking breathlessly when he made an observation after the Seahawks’ 19-3 victory over San Francisco on Thursday night.
6529	So how did Heinrich Himmler’s personal letters end up in a Tel Aviv bank vault, and why have they only come to light 69 years after the SS chief committed suicide at the end of World War II?
6530	So I argue that maybe we ought to rethink what we're doing here."
6531	"So I'd rather it be like gross and funny and outlandish than like boring."
6532	So if anyone is willing to step forward please reach us at allstarbahamas@gmail.com.” says Coach Rahming.
6533	So if it works for the simple stuff, Apple Pay is going to be a cinch.
6534	So, if you're ready to create what you want in your life and let go of the excuse that you're not who you need to be, here are four steps to get moving: 1) Get clear on your vision.
6535	So I gave them most of what I had - just a couple of slices of bread and some cheese - thinking that in two or three days this would be over.
6536	“So in addition to it being Toronto at its best, when we gather and we celebrate … it also has an incredibly positive impact on the local and provincial economies.”
6537	So instead of reciprocating with a "thanks, you too", which is what Sherman intended to say, the fool Crabtree went and HIT SHERMAN on his head.
6538	So it becomes a public issue.
6539	So it just creates nuisance for the neighbors and we want to keep things safe."
6540	"So it's pretty nice when you can get it going like this and I've been playing quite well for the last couple of months."
6541	So, I was in need of a title, for starters.
6542	Soldiers of Dhlakama's "bodyguard" have not yet given up their weapons.
6543	Soldiers were mainly visible around the two main protest sites and at some key intersections.
6544	So long as a user's wearing the iRing, the iDevice's front camera picks the gesture controls up, and the peripheral's accompanying app translates them to commands music software can understand.
6545	Some American cities are experimenting with the idea.
6546	Some Americans recently detained in North Korea include missionaries aiming to spread the gospel or draw attention to human rights abuses.
6547	Some analysts say that "anything is possible" in these elections.
6548	Some are interpreting these findings as a testament to the Shroud's authenticity, as it claims the medieval radiocarbon dating done by Oxford University in 1988 is erroneous.
6549	Some are laying aside competitive differences to work together to help medical charities as the epidemic spreads out of control.
6550	Some are taking land out of production altogether, bulldozing withered orange trees and leaving hundreds of thousands of acres unplanted.
6551	Some believe that adverse weather cut growth by about 1 percentage point in the first quarter, but will add 1 percentage point to activity in the April-June quarter as the economy is spurred by pent-up demand in such areas as auto sales.
6552	"Somebody is always out front and thank goodness they are.
6553	Somebody making $8-$10 an hour are not going to be able to afford housing.
6554	Some camps had regular police or military patrols, but others had none.
6555	Some citizens and scientists are taking sampling into their own hands.
6556	Some departments could face losing a third of their budgets.
6557	Some DJs she has spoken to did not have health insurance before the Affordable Care Act but have now signed up, a White House aide said.
6558	Some drove all the way from New Orleans while others only had to drive from their home in Lincoln County.
6559	Some experts speculate Bergdahl may have experienced Stockholm syndrome, in which he may have emotionally bonded with his Taliban captors over the five years.
6560	Some felt the mayor was simply being innovative and demonstrating his commitment to crime fighting.
6561	Some golf courses can feel stuffy to the point of asphyxiation, but not Hoylake.
6562	Some highlights from Obama's economic and other proposals: —MINIMUM WAGE: An executive order to raise minimum wage paid by federal contractors to $10.10.
6563	“Somehow, someway, we’ll be able to make it through.
6564	Some IS graffiti also appeared on walls of buildings in Srinagar.
6565	Some Ivy League schools, including Yale University, Brown University and Dartmouth College, release data on sexual assault punishments in some form.
6566	Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
6567	Some new security measures have been implemented, and more are anticipated.
6568	Some of her family members, including her mother, have said that they will attend the trial.
6569	Some of that is down to injuries.
6570	Some of the carbon dioxide is sucked up by trees and oceans, and the rest is lofted into the atmosphere, trapping the sun's heat and warming the planet.
6571	Some of the chemicals reach the waters after getting through wastewater treatment plants; others come from industrial or farming activities, researchers said.
6572	Some of the children will probably eventually be sent back to Central America.
6573	Some of the Dead's first gigs were at the acid test parties Kesey would throw, where everyone was given an LSD-laced drink of Kool-Aid (the drug was legal at the time).
6574	Some of them threw stones at cars that would not turn around.
6575	Some of the offerings already exist in other incarnations from other vendors, but by pulling them together under one roof, Amazon's set to have an advantage largely out of reach by competitors.
6576	"Some of the patrons have undiagnosed diabetes and vascular problems and things like that.
6577	“Some of the things they are accusing him of — for example, bribery — I mean, this happens in Canada,” she said.
6578	Some of the top questions will be answered during the live discussion.
6579	Some of this shortfall would have been spent on computers and other physical equipment, which would have been picked up in GDP.
6580	Some of those services involve treatment for assaults that took place before troops ever joined the military.
6581	"Someone tried to do CPR on him and then we put him in the recovery position.
6582	Someone who has developed tolerance, who is seeking to develop a high, may need to inject every two hours or so."
6583	Some opponents have questioned who is running the country.
6584	Some people in the crowd turned their back on the NAACP speaker and then demanded to take the stage themselves to talk about their homegrown movement.
6585	Some previous measures also proved unpopular, such as banning home 3D theaters and the private sale of imported clothes and other goods last year.
6586	Somers was seized in Sanaa in September 2013.
6587	Some see him as a potential successor to Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid of Nevada.
6588	Some see it as a methodology to help people avoid their own inability to make choices in their best interest, others see it as flat-out paternalism.
6589	Something does not compute.
6590	Sometimes a white-collar warrior can topple a giant with the simple weapons of a metaphoric sling shot wielding the force of some well-thrown stones of truth.
6591	"Sometimes that happens."
6592	Sometimes, they pushed him to convert to Islam.
6593	Sometimes we end up on medical leave.
6594	Sometimes when his sister has called, Shaqooli says, he didn't answer.
6595	Sometimes you can put out an album that's maybe not as good as it could have been because you rushed it.
6596	Some walls restrict access completely, while others use gates with limited opening hours to restrict movement.
6597	Some were caged for as long as 26 hours.
6598	Some women change their views about abortion completely when they become mothers themselves.
6599	So might attempts by Moscow to undermine the Ukrainian government in Kiev or crack down on civilians, especially minorities, they said.
6600	So much for the 49er faithful, the roar of the crowd.
6601	So my anticipation in the next month is that we will have less crime," Semaj said.
6602	So Nick, here's to repeating the success of your old job in your new one.
6603	Sonja and Thomas Rueck are concerned about contaminates from this property seeping into their well water.
6604	So now it is a problem, but I’ll made an edit.
6605	So now, surgery is the best option.
6606	Soon we will be in direct confrontation.
6607	So organic and safe that the product themselves can even be drunk safely.
6608	Sophisticated vehicles attached to the ship by tow cables have been programmed to detect the biggest parts of the aircraft likely to be in one piece, such as engines and fuselage.
6609	Sophomore Claudia Delgado told CBS affiliate KOIN that Padgett seemed to be "a really good normal kid" who never missed a science class and liked to talk about cars and weapons.
6610	Sophy Jesty, left, and Valeria Tanco speak outside the Davidson County Courthouse in October in Nashville, Tenn., after joining other couples in a lawsuit to require the state to recognize same-sex marriages.
6611	"'Sorry for your hair loss, have a nice day,'" Sharon recalls saying.
6612	So shoppers were stocking up Friday.
6613	So, some cred is due.
6614	So something specific about the political realm must be discouraging us from opening our pocketbooks — a general sense of dysfunction, perhaps?
6615	So sorry for your loss.
6616	So, that means we should expect nothing but passes Saturday night and a game that doesn’t end until after midnight, right?
6617	So that's something to think about the next time you want to lay a hand on your child.
6618	"So that was her way of thinking, well, she's doing something for them up north here."
6619	So there are health-and-safety aspects of her "job" that were questionable, but the fact is..
6620	So there is enough textual warrant to justify a wide range of attitudes and conduct toward Christians and Jews.
6621	So there's no set timetable for that."
6622	So they decided to sell their house and keep travelling around in the RV.
6623	So they know me and I know them.
6624	So this is really a tragedy for the people here.
6625	So to recap — the presumptive favorite will compete while hurt as the sport's most famous rider watches and other top contenders try to back up their trash talk on a course several athletes have reservations about.
6626	“Sounders FC: Authentic Masterpiece,” Mike Gastineau: In the hierarchy of local professional-sports franchises, the Seahawks clearly are first — winning a Super Bowl will do that for you.
6627	Source Bloomberg West Image Credit TechCrunch (Flickr) or sign up to add your comment. key jumps to next.
6628	Source: LinkedIn class action Tags: email contacts, lawsuit, linkedin, privacy, social networking LinkedIn to face lawsuit for sending repeat invitations to your contacts Next: Can Electronic Arts make a 'Battlefield' game that works?
6629	Sources confirmed that Damien is going to record all the songs of his new EP at various locations such as restaurants, old Italian villas and recording studios to create a unique feeling where listeners feel like travelling with his songs.
6630	South Carolina Association of School Administrators director Molly Spearman and University of South Carolina math professor Don Jordan were the only candidates to speak out on keeping Common Core's emphasis on critical thinking.
6631	South Charleston Police, who investigated the case of the bear hit and killed, confirmed it happened but had no immediate information where or when.
6632	Southern Yemeni leaders rejected the accord.
6633	South Florida entered shooting 26 percent from outside the arc, the worst in the conference, and was 3 of 10 for the game.
6634	South Korean President Park Geun-hye and her administration have been bitterly criticized for their response to the disaster.
6635	South Koreans arrested over stolen Buddha in Japan By EMILY WANG 53 minutes ago This undated photo released by Tsushima City Board of Education shows a Buddha statue in Tsushima, western Japan.
6636	Southland won $142 million from gamblers last year, more than an average Tunica casino.
6637	SOUTH PORTLAND 57: BIDDEFORD 24: Mackenzie Bowring scored 10 points to pace the Red Riots (8-3) over Biddeford (2-9) at South Portland.
6638	So we'll see what happens."
6639	"So, we're hopeful that if it does in fact go to appeal, that the board will, again, rule in our favour."
6640	So were shares of Wal-Mart Stores (WMT), the discount chain that is the nation's largest retailer.
6641	So what do passengers think of the changes?
6642	So what else is on her list?
6643	So what we see is television beginning to come of age and to really look at dramatic issues of our life in reality rather than through the cartoonish figures on 'Will and Grace,' 'Glee' or even 'Modern Family,' where we are still stereotyped.
6644	So when Obama, as Colbert, declared that there are aspects of "Obamacare" that people from both parties actually like, the text aside to the audience read: "Everything but the Obama."
6645	So why have some companies been using the city’s name to sell their products?
6646	So, with book prices rising, the cost of higher education higher than ever, and a dreary economy to boot, it'll certainly pay off to spend some time shopping around.
6647	So would a better choice of music.
6648	So wrote Richard Viguerie, the "Funding Father" of the modern conservative movement, in his 2006 book Conservatives Betrayed.
6649	So yeah, I did like this silly, over-the-top yet audacious movie that imagines the assassination of Kim, much in the same way Quentin Tarantino imagined the assassination of Hitler in “Inglourious Basterds.”
6650	"So you do a lot of waiting around trying drugs that are either having no effect or sometimes lots of side effects.
6651	So you get ripped out of a civilian life style, thrown into a full out military lifestyle and you're expected to perform.
6652	Soy sauce producers have also shown interest, he says.
6653	Space enthusiasts will love seeing artifacts like suits actually worn in space and on the moon, a fragment of the orbiter Skylab that survived its fall to Earth and a lunar rock you can touch.
6654	SpaceX representatives wrote in a Twitter update.
6655	Spain lost the match which knocks them out of the World Cup.
6656	Spain's Carlos III Hospital, the facility treating nurse's assistant Teresa Romero Ramos, received Ebola test samples from Romero and two other patients on Sunday, October 19, according to the hospital's director.
6657	Spain was thrust into the forefront of the crisis when a Spanish nurse in Madrid became the first person to contract the disease outside West Africa.
6658	Spanish security forces have led at least three significant raids on jihadist recruitment cells this year, making more than 20 arrests.
6659	"Spartacus" creator Steven S. DeKnight has signed on as the series' showrunner, replacing Drew Goddard.
6660	Special guests have included low-income seniors, kids with developmental delays, women and children from domestic violence shelters, veterans, and others who needed a little extra TLC at the holidays.
6661	Special to The Seattle Times Wines from Charles Krug, Quilceda Creek, Dom Perignon and Woodward Canyon are among the bottles Seattle Times columnist Andy Perdue opened for his 50th birthday.
6662	Spec Sheet: OnePlus' One smartphone shows what hardware startups are capable of By Jacob Kastrenakes 22 hours ago A lot of products come out each week — we don't highlight all of them, but all of them make it into The Verge Database.
6663	Speeds, meanwhile, fell in half at that time, from a typical speed of 50 miles per hour to 26 miles per hour.
6664	Spicker laughs at the memory.
6665	SPIEGEL ONLINE: So do you suggest we should carry on with business as usual just because forecasts are complicated?
6666	Sponsored CarRentals.com $0 Down Home Loan for Veterans- See if You Qualify Veterans can Qualify for $0 down with the VA Home Loan Benefit.
6667	Spontaneous reactions Across the country on that June day, Canadians, whose lives had been touched in virtually every way by the almost five-year-old conflict, learned of the invasion via newspaper headlines and radio reports.
6668	Spotify music streaming service coming to Canada Spotify streaming music service, based in Sweden, has launched in Canada.
6669	Springer said the waiver issue is a legitimate question, which has delayed a similar California proposal for retirement plans.
6670	Sprinter Wilma Rudolph was the first U.S. woman to win three gold medals in one Olympics, during the 1960 Games in Rome.
6671	Stacey Addison was detained on drug charges by police in East Timor in September during a taxi ride.
6672	Staff benefit because when the inmates are happy our job is much easier; when the inmates are not happy, miserable and acting up, our job becomes much more difficult.
6673	Staffers plan to scour the internet for the stolen goods and will give a free pair of designer frames to anyone with information leading to an arrest.
6674	Stanton said he remembers Fiers' arm action on the pitch, and thinks his eyes found the ball about midway through its journey to the plate.
6675	Starkman attributes this in part to the financial difficulties that many media organizations were feeling as they coped with the impact of the Internet.
6676	Stars love to complain about the marauding photogs, but we have a sneaking suspicion that, as the great Jay-Z once said, half the time they're calling the paparazzi on themselves.
6677	Started researching this novel in 2009.
6678	Starting a West Coast media tour, Harvick was set to head to Los Angeles following his visit to North High.
6679	Start the conversation > LE SUEUR, Minn. — One of Minnesota’s most ambitious green-energy projects is flipping the “on” switch.
6680	Startups require an irrational amount of faith.
6681	State environmental officials said Sunday that arsenic levels appeared to be decreasing, but recommended avoiding prolonged direct contact with the river in the area of the spill until further notice.
6682	State-run Nile TV reported that bad weather prevented Morsy's journey by helicopter from the prison where he is being held, citing the head of Alexandria's security forces.
6683	States that have trended Democratic can flip back red.
6684	Statewide, an estimated 73,000 black elementary students were truant last school year.
6685	Statham wants administrator Statham wants administrator Wednesday, June 18. 2014 Members of the Statham City Council are in agreement that a city administrator would be beneficial to the city in terms of promotion and even eventual cost savings.
6686	St. Claire Williams, in a Cobra AH-1 Army helicopter at the Henry County Airport, is a former Marine who saw combat in Afghanistan and is now a police sniper in Roswell, Georgia.
6687	Steeves said Wednesday that when police first spoke with the new alleged victim in 2013, she "at that time did not disclose anything to us" that would prompt a criminal investigation.
6688	Stenson was rested to protect his sore back, so Rose was selected with Martin Kaymer for a foursomes against in-form US rookies Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth.
6689	Step away from the screen Turn the TV off, leave the tablet out of your bedroom, and pick up a good book.
6690	Stephanie Denton, former President of International Sales and Distribution for Lionsgate, will handle worldwide distribution for the films, leveraging her success with "Underworld," "Saw," and "Hostel."
6691	Stepping off the plane Thursday, Meriam Ibrahim, 26, held her infant daughter, born in prison less than two months ago.
6692	Sterling had been slated to receive the honor May 15 as part of the 100th anniversary celebration of the group's Los Angeles chapter.
6693	Sterling says that his remarks about African Americans were made in a private conversation with girlfriend V. Stiviano, and that recording them without his knowledge was a crime under California law.
6694	Steve Kent was appointed minister responsible for the Office of Public Engagement, which he has held in an acting capacity since November 2013.
6695	Steven Frederick Songhurst, 30, was remanded to appear in court and has been bailed while police inquiries continue.
6696	Steve Wang, a representative of some of the Chinese families in Beijing, said the relatives are demanding more answers because they were not satisfied by the responses Malaysian government representatives gave them in China.
6697	Steyer told Bloomberg Businessweek that he wants to push climate change into election conversations in 2014 and beyond.
6698	Still, city transportation Director Scott Kubly said he’s working on contingency plans in the unlikely event the viaduct is abruptly closed.
6699	Still, given the lucrative nature of the business, Brunner says, “We will have a lot more competition before the day is through.”
6700	Still, he said workers would be able to negotiate higher wages if they could count on sustained inflation.
6701	Still, he says her doctors are pleased with her progress.
6702	Still, much of his job is pursuing companies identified by other executives, including CEO Schmidt and founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin.
6703	Still, none of the powers can escape blame.
6704	Still, she will be among the medal contenders in the super-combined simply because the skier from Squaw Valley, Calif., always seems to shine at major competitions.
6705	Still, some of the people who regularly attended the first trial were back in court Tuesday.
6706	Still some turned away at the sight of the protestors with signs depicting images of aborted babies.
6707	Still, such calls haven't stopped the United States from agreeing to Israel's request to resupply it with several types of ammunition, a U.S. defense official told CNN on condition of anonymity.
6708	Still, the claims made against Apple have ruffled the company's feathers.
6709	Still, the Seahawks were once a terrible team.
6710	Still, this is a cheap goose and even if it switches from laying golden eggs to silver ones, it's fine for the studio.
6711	Stimulants are most obvious of course since they give you energy.
6712	Stir well, simmer about 5 minutes, until broccoli is tender and shrimp are cooked.
6713	St. John went on to explain that she was made aware that the method of mail delivery in certain neighborhoods of Dexter was due to dog attacks.
6714	STOCK PRICES SLIDE Generous subsidies for farmers in the north and northeast were a centerpiece of the platform that swept Yingluck to power in 2011, but they have left Thailand with vast stockpiles of rice and a bill it is struggling to fund.
6715	Stocks haven't experienced a correction in quite some time, and many investors would welcome the opportunity to buy into the market at more attractive prices.
6716	Stony Brook University, part of the State University of New York, recently tapped federal stimulus funds to begin training displaced finance professionals for certifications in fields such as project management.
6717	Story Created: Aug 6, 2014 at 9:41 PM EDT Story Updated: Aug 6, 2014 at 10:56 PM EDT Justin Bieber, finally good for something!
6718	STORYTELLING: Sunday Night Sex Talks celebrates its three-year anniversary at King King on Sunday night at 8 pm.
6719	Strains between Israel and parts of Europe intensified on Wednesday when the EU’s second-highest court reversed the bloc’s designation of the Palestinian group Hamas as a terrorist organization.
6720	Stranger still, recent research has revealed microorganisms living 1,300 feet beneath the ice, sustained by the iron and sulfur in the water.
6721	Streaking stocks hope to go 3 for 3 Adam Shell, USA TODAY 10:24 p.m. EDT April 9, 2014 A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
6722	Strike playlists are a good length, usually about 25-40 minutes depending on the IQ of my fireteam.
6723	Striker Adrian Lopez looks the most likely candidate to replace Costa should he fail to recover in time.
6724	Striker Miroslav Klose started for the first time at the 2014 World Cup, while captain Philipp Lahm moved from midfield to right back, leaving Bastian Schweinsteiger and Sami Khedira in central midfield.
6725	"Stroke often robs survivors of their ability to care for themselves and can put an overwhelming responsibility on the families to provide round-the-clock care for their loved ones," Dykema said.
6726	Strong line of storms pushes through overnight A storm system moved through Indiana late Monday and early Tuesday, bringing the chance for strong to severe thunderstorms to much of the state.
6727	St. Tammany Parish Government has instituted severe weather protocols and we are monitoring weather conditions with a partial Emergency Operations Center activation.
6728	Students generally receive career training in areas such as auto mechanics or health care.
6729	Studios ought to listen to reviewers.
6730	Study the bigger picture - Visit the company's website and learn as much as you can about it.
6731	StumbleUpon Common chemicals challenge sperm Chemicals known as endocrine disruptors, commonly found in our food and products such as makeup, sunscreen and toothpaste, have been shown to cause fertility problems.
6732	StumbleUpon Delicious Where is Iraq's oil?
6733	Sturgeon, the second in command to Alex Salmond of the Scottish National Party, added that a proposed referendum on the UK's leaving the European Union "could see Scotland out of the EU even if we vote to stay in."
6734	St. Vincent is a wicked musician that's pushing boundaries now.
6735	Suarez centre of attention With his club, Liverpool, he's been accused of everything from racism to cannibalism (although, in fairness, he really only bit a couple of his opponents).
6736	Suarez is serving a four-month ban for what FIFA's disciplinary panel ruled was a "deliberate, intentional" and unprovoked bite in Uruguay's 1-0 group stages win against Italy.
6737	Subscribers can check whether their names, passwords, account details or other personal data have been stolen and spread online.
6738	Subscribe to a weekly download of selected articles from the magazine, at Audible.
6739	Subscribe to our free newsletter.
6740	Subscribe to The New Yorker 461 W. 23rd St. (212-255-7400) by Amelia Lester July 21, 2014 Photograph by Malú Alvarez.
6741	Subtitle: Threaten people by telling them your money is not safe and the majority shareholder is a 'murderer,'" Vassilev wrote in an email to Reuters.
6742	Such a difference might not seem like much, but Cavanaugh said it distinguishes the best quarterbacks and efficient, productive offenses from others.
6743	Such a listing could impose restrictions on tourism and fishing companies.
6744	Such debate can and does offend some -- and at times many.
6745	Such statistics don't include the 15,000 Haitians in northern Brazil.
6746	"Sudan," he answers, when asked where he comes from.
6747	Suddenly, NC State looked desperate.
6748	Suddenly they feel tired all the time and just can't snap out of it.
6749	Suffice to say, whether audiences get the irony or not, it’s a factor to keep in mind.
6750	Summer reading: German books now in English Looking for a good read to take on vacation?
6751	Summerside's new mayor Bill Martin said as long as the benefits outweigh the financial risk, the city would like to keep the bikes rolling into town.
6752	Sunday night in Chicago will see a shivering minus 16 to 20 below and -- once you factor in the Windy City's stiff breeze -- a chill of 35 below to 45 below zero.
6753	Sunday's rally followed a similar one Saturday in support of Palestinians.
6754	Sun, Dec 21, 2014 - Page 13　 EU files WTO trade case against Boeing subsidies ‘NOT ACCEPTABLE’:The EU alleges tax breaks given to Boeing are subsidies.
6755	Sunder: This PC game from DigiPen Team Mocha is a puzzle platformer where two players battle monsters and maneuver around obstacles.
6756	Sun News asked Constable David Hopkinson if Davis threatened anyone at the library, and Hopkinson replied, "I don't think he had any free hands to make any threat."
6757	Sun Science: There's No Such Thing as a 'Healthy Tan' Think a base tan will prevent you from getting a sunburn?
6758	Supervalu said that it currently believes the data breach did not impact its owned or licensed Save-A-Lot stores or any of the independent grocery stores supplied by the company.
6759	Supervisors Malia Cohen and David Chiu, who voted in favor of the..
6760	Supporters of a global standard say it is needed because big banks operate across borders.
6761	Supporters of the Better Together campaign react to the results of the Scottish independence referendum at The Marriott Hotel in Glasgow as Scotland has rejected independence, despite the Yes campaign winning a majority in the largest city.
6762	Support for the quarantines varies by political party, age and education level.
6763	Support high quality local journalism.
6764	Sure enough, a few days later Bennett had the runny nose and achiness of mild flu.
6765	Surely it's time to exit..
6766	Sure, that is simplifying it a bit.
6767	Surgeon on probation for removing wrong kidney 18 hours ago FULLERTON, Calif., Dec. 3 (UPI) -- A California surgeon who removed the wrong kidney from a federal inmate was placed on probation by the state medical board.
6768	Susie Leafe, from the Christian campaign group Reform, said she did not want to see women bishops.
6769	Suspect and two others shot to death, including a child, in shootout at a Cumberland County mobile h … Michael Morrison, who lives near where the shooting happened, told The Associated Press he went outside when he heard the shooting.
6770	Suspect Lee Harvey Oswald is arrested.
6771	Suspicious circumstances on Waltham, McCarran at 12:40 a.m. Traffic stop at Mill/E, V.C. at 7:47 p.m. Warning issued.
6772	Susye Greenwood, a photographer, discovered this when she used the DipJar during a recent visit to Fresco.
6773	Suthep Thaugsuban and his supporters have been trying to topple Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra since November, prompting the government to announce a state of emergency ahead of Sunday's vote, which was boycotted by the opposition.
6774	Svindal said the increase in falls after two relatively incident-free training days was down to racers testing themselves and the "rattly snow in the lead-up to the jumps".
6775	Swift seems to have taken his remarks in stride.
6776	Swine flu is transmitted from contact with pigs or their contaminated food or air.
6777	Syrian opposition activists and other witnesses tell The Associated Press that Syrian government forces have attacked rebel-held areas with poisonous chlorine gas in recent months.
6778	Syrian refugees have become a familiar sight in Istanbul, with whole families huddled together on street corners and begging for money in upscale and tourist areas.
6779	Tags: Drew Brees, New Orleans Saints, NFL biasedsportsfan 5pts Are there people who don't like this guy?
6780	Taiwanese cuisine “uses a lot of soy braising, a lot of herbs, coriander, thai basil and quite savory, heavy, big flavors,” she added.
6781	Take a look at our favorite jokes, then vote for yours at opinion.
6782	Take a look at these 10 multimillion-dollar celebrity home listings that are as unique as their owners.
6783	Take a look at today's Punchlines to find out.
6784	Take a look here - and bonus points for every obscure reference to a real or cancelled space project you can find.
6785	"Take down the dams, stand up to oil / Protect the plants, and renew the soil," Young sings.
6786	"Take it to the Hill" airs every Monday at 10PM at WGMUradio.com. Correction: Audio from the show was added following a comment from John Hill.
6787	Taking a big pay cut, he bought into a small travel company that, once he owned it all, turned into a big travel company.
6788	Taking action Last year the Thai government announced a national action plan to prevent human trafficking and support its victims.
6789	Taking a spin around the Red Bull Ring Red Bull Ring's major transformation "It's a nice gap," said Rosberg, who remains determined to stem rising expectation that he will emulate his father Keke and be crowned world champion.
6790	Talk about a silly political parlor game.
6791	Talk about the Motorola DROID MINI with other people who own it too! start a discussion see all discussions → Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola DROID Ultra 9average user rating Get better reviews from people who actually have this product!
6792	Talks to end the 16-day conflict have intensified with US Secretary of State John Kerry shuttling between Jerusalem and Cairo in a bid to forge a truce.
6793	Talk to Democrats — they don’t feel he ever made an effort to court them.
6794	Tamai's struggles show why doubts remain about whether it's enough to overcome entrenched discrimination in the workplace.
6795	Tamir died in the hospital the next day.
6796	"Tampopo" (1985): Ken Watanabe and Ryutaro Otomo star in this Japanese comedy that is beloved by fans of ramen noodle soup.
6797	Tanaka has compiled a 12-4 record through 18 starts.
6798	Tanaka signed a seven-year deal worth $155 million with the Yankees after an unbeaten campaign last year for the Japan League champion Rakuten Eagles.
6799	Tanner's three-year-old son Jarrod told investigators "Mommy got a spanking with the belt."
6800	Taurus (April 20-May 20): Today is a 7 -- Don't quit your day job until the night one pays.
6801	Taverna tested the ability of two professionally trained explosive-detection dogs, Zoe and Liu, in 677 cases to assess their accuracy, according to his paper.
6802	Taxi drivers protest on May 21, 2014, in Milan, where they were idle for five days to protest the ride-hailing app Uber.
6803	Taylor ascribes Market America's current success to its being in a typical stage of growth.
6804	Taylor's attorneys say use of the drug without naming the compounding pharmacy could cause the inmate pain and suffering because no one can check if the operation is legitimate and has not been accused of any violations.
6805	Taylor’s team underperformed in the opening half but a switch in formation helped the Gills click.
6806	Taymor: Sometimes people want to box you and say, 'Oh she's a visualist and that's more important than the actors,' but I don't think that's true, obviously, from my point view: the greater the actor, the easier it is for the director.
6807	@TazZenIf he consents, it is admissible.
6808	Teacher arrested for intruding into woman's bedroom Japan Today -- Dec 18 Police in Nara said Wednesday they have arrested a public school teacher for intruding into the bedroom of a woman who lives in the same apartment building as he does.
6809	Teacher Sandy Wetterauer posted it on her Facebook page and it now has several thousand "likes."
6810	Teaching us to hate our bodies is a direct reflection of that world view.
6811	Tea maker Tetley has insured one of its most valuable assets for $1.6 million - the tongue of its top tea taster.
6812	Teammate Tim Brown took the special teams honour after recording 249 return yards.
6813	Tea plants cover a mountainside in China's Fujian province.
6814	Ted Gullicksen, the dogged tenants union director, had died in his sleep at age 61. And the longtime voice of the progressive movement, the San Francisco Bay Guardian, had been abruptly shuttered and its entire staff laid off.
6815	Teenagers like Grandmaster Caz held street parties, each with their own sound system, in which MCs (Masters of Ceremonies) tried to out-do each other to impress.
6816	Teeth marks suggested the shark was about 8 feet, said Brent Marshall, superintendent of the Oceano Dunes state park district.
6817	Tehran seeks to avoid this.
6818	Tekmira Chief Executive Officer Mark Murray said the company's supplies of the treatment are limited.
6819	Tekmira officials did not return calls or emails on Friday seeking comment.
6820	Temperatures hit 40 Celsius (104 Fahrenheit) early on the second afternoon of the tournament and was expected to rise.
6821	Ten Arab states including Saudi Arabia are among the countries backing the US-led coalition, and Australia has pledged 600 troops.
6822	"Tennis was all my life for 20 years," she says.
6823	Tens of thousands also remained without power elsewhere in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, with a handful of outages remaining in Ohio as well.
6824	Teodorin Obiang was charged as part of a corruption probe launched in December 2010 to determine whether three long-serving African leaders used corrupt means to acquire expensive properties in France.
6825	Teresa November 9, 2009 10:33 AM If you need this credit to buy a house then you should not be buying a house.
6826	TerminalVelocity 5pts Been their done that.
6827	Terry-Smith says that children who are HIV-positive need special attention, beyond the needs of HIV-positive adults.
6828	Text messaging rates may apply.
6829	Thailand has been deeply divided since 2006, when former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra -- Yingluck's brother -- was toppled after being accused of corruption, abuse of power and disrespect for the king.
6830	Thankfully, there were no deaths and only minor injuries, but the entire community was pretty freaked out and listening to the station on their transistor radios.
6831	Thanks for sharing your ideas.
6832	"Thanks for your interest in Aereo!
6833	Thanks to Mark Watts for originally sharing with me the idea that stress is cumulative.
6834	Thanks to my colleagues @CalgaryPolice for all their work— Naheed Nenshi (@nenshi) July 14, 2014 Over the past two weeks, the mystery of the family's disappearance has connected Canadians, all hoping for a happy conclusion to the case.
6835	Thank you first responders for all you do!
6836	"Thank you for not listening!
6837	That 8.6 percent increase is expected to plump available revenue for the 2015-2017 budget to about $37 billion.
6838	That and those same parents need to pay more in taxes to cover those costs!
6839	“That argument should unite everybody.
6840	That budget saw its first increase in a decade this year, but the roughly $300,000 in funds were only enough to cover the cost of inflation on GW’s subscriptions.
6841	That can disable power steering, anti-lock braking and the airbags.
6842	That case is still under review at the attorney general's office.
6843	That compares to just 47,000 in the same period the year before.
6844	That does not mean I want to see buildings burn however.
6845	That driver and two others in the car were hurt.
6846	That effort took the form of a package passed by the D.C. Council in July 2012 and signed by Gray that would give the company up to $32.5 million to stay in the District.
6847	That employee confronted Al-Awadi but did not report the allegations to the girl's parents, according to court documents.
6848	That explanation doesn’t make much sense to downtown city councillor Scott McKeen.
6849	That failure to qualify for the postseason in recent years has complicated Minnesota’s bid to retain All-NBA forward Kevin Love.
6850	That family that had a hard time walking across the living room most weekends because of all the kids, curled up in sleeping bags.
6851	That feasibility study is set to take 18 months, looking at possible locations, costs and the timeline for building a museum.
6852	That fell short of the median forecast of US$36.9 billion in a survey of 21 economists by the Wall Street Journal.
6853	That follows a 9 percent year-on-year rise in August and a 25 percent increase in July.
6854	"That gives me a chance to figure this all out," he said.
6855	"That goodwill, I'll call it, isn't there, so we're looking at each other in the House of Commons waiting for the other side to blink," Conservative MP John Williamson said in an interview.
6856	"That greatness, we don't take it for granted," said Heat coach Erik Spoelstra.
6857	That I deserve to suffer for weeks or months in tremendous amounts of physical and emotional pain?
6858	That includes $3.6 million for underwater surveillance by a Navy submarine and $4,200 per flight hour for the P-8 Orions used to scour the southern Indian Ocean.
6859	That includes new and returning customers.
6860	That includes the Islamic State group, which now holds a third of the country in its sway.
6861	That in turn could mean another quarter of zero growth for the eurozone.
6862	That invitation came out the same day that the province's Labour Relations Board refused to legislate an end to the lockout - but also halted the city's changes to the general pension plan.
6863	That is a submission with which I do not agree.
6864	That is higher than ￥69.3 million per tsubo Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp paid for an adjacent building in March 2007, he said.
6865	That is now something he has started to do for United in his last two games and it is certainly effective.
6866	That is one thing that we clearly won’t need in Santa Clara.
6867	"That is only a part of Germany's history and not part of the United States' history.
6868	That is our challenge.”
6869	That is still a mystery.
6870	That is the fewest since May 2006.
6871	That is, until a night filled with too much alcohol explodes into passion.
6872	That is, until local law enforcement got a tip that Marryshow was now calling Eugene home.
6873	That is what makes the situation so difficult."
6874	“That is where the flight crew did a very good job of just telling people to just leave that stuff and just get off of the plane.”
6875	That is why Britain is now the world’s biggest supporter of activity to end FGM.
6876	That is why I felt it was important to show the works—to create that conversation.
6877	"That just kind of hit me right in the gut," said Stefan.
6878	That last point of view came from a fairly well-known local indie musician, Chuck Prophet, who will be appearing at the Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival this weekend.
6879	That made my time even more worthwhile.
6880	That made way for bulbs that use 25 percent to 30 percent less energy, lopped an estimated $18 billion off annual U.S. electric bills, and cut consumer electricity usage by 60 percent.
6881	That map refers to the one posted on Austin's Reddit page yesterday afternoon that purports to pinpoint where Google has already filed for permits.
6882	That may also be one of the reasons why Google chose HTC over bigger rivals Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, maker of the Nexus 10 tablet.
6883	That may mean he stays on by default until a solution is found.
6884	That means that the media division has superb technical capabilities and has accompanied the establishment of the "Islamic State," which it of course represents in a positive light.
6885	That means you need to know who will be on your team, what your goals are, and how much money you'll have to reach them.
6886	That meant everything to me."
6887	That meant the engine firing had to be aborted, and the Soyuz crew had to follow a backup plan that required a two-day buildup to Thursday's space station rendezvous.
6888	That money would have to be loaned on to businesses, in the hope of boosting investment.
6889	That paper has now been shredded.
6890	"That particular intersection has been a point of concern for many years," said former Riversdale Community Association member Doug Ramage.
6891	That places us a little more than halfway to the edge of the galactic disk, the part of the Milky Way that contains its spiral arms.
6892	That plan includes other capital improvement projects, such as replacing the Perry Clear Bridge on Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort and repairing leaky roofs on eight county buildings.
6893	That proved too broad for another group with authority over East Hampton's 26 beaches, the town trustees, a body established by King James II's royal governor in 1686.
6894	That puts the issue a distant fourth behind economic matters (40 percent), health care (19 percent), and the deficit (15 percent).
6895	“That really could’ve gone either way,” Harbaugh said.
6896	That really made me mad."
6897	That relative looked away long enough for Hank to crawl off the edge of the dock.
6898	That represents $567 million of vanished assets at current market prices, as well as about 7 percent of the bitcoins in circulation.
6899	That's $600 worth of burgers in one hour.
6900	That's after applying coupon code TBS70923GX at checkout, which cuts an extra $150 off the current $250 discount.
6901	That said, I'm not giving up yet.
6902	That's a key question before scientists can explore how to possibly create healthier homes.
6903	That's a premeditated choice regardless of the accident or not.
6904	That's a typical mission for Air Force combat control teams, CCTs for short.
6905	That's a welcome jolt for a tourism-based economy particularly hard hit during the Great Recession.
6906	That's because Payan says the video was recovered from a phone set for Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), which made the video's time stamp indicate it was recorded six hours prior to the party.
6907	That's been a point of hot debate in the industry, says Tinker, who is launching his own long-term project to come up with an estimate.
6908	That's certainly the case for the protagonist of the wonderful little animated short "A Rather Lovely Thing."
6909	"That's close to normal for a mid-decade, non-wave election year," he said, adding that more districts become competitive after redistricting at the start of every decade.
6910	That's compared to 33.2% in 1989.
6911	“That seems a very strange way to word that,” Bowman replied, though he acknowledged he did spray paint the rims.
6912	That's exactly what UN peacekeepers risk their lives every single day to do: Restore peace and stability to war-torn nations like South Sudan so families like Nyanwour's don't have to flee.
6913	That's four days after he was diagnosed with Ebola.
6914	That's good advice.
6915	"That's higher than what we envisioned earlier this year, but it factors in the fear premium that is now reflected in crude oil prices,'' Kloza says.
6916	That show broke a lot of ground.
6917	That’s just what we’ve got to do,” said Josh Sweeney, who plays left wing on the U.S. sled hockey team.
6918	That's more than the 10 reported for all of last year.
6919	That's my old address.
6920	That's not counting donations to chapter offices around the country, Newhouse said.
6921	That's not the case with the more complex chlorobenzene, dichloroethane, dichloropropane and dichlorobutane discovered inside the Cumberland sample, researchers said.
6922	That’s one of the reasons it’s not so popular.
6923	That sounds pretty cheesy.
6924	That's probably unlikely.
6925	"That's really key, because you don't want to build something or go forward based on what-ifs.
6926	That's something Songza never had.
6927	That's something that Andy Coulson will now understand better than most.
6928	That’s super cheap money that Lionsgate would no longer have at its disposal.
6929	That’s the biggest reason why handfuls of candidates turned down the Jets GM job before Idzik was finally hired.
6930	That's the difference.
6931	That's the genius of McNally's writing.
6932	That's the message Grimes sent on Wednesday, with the Clinton fundraiser in the morning followed by a campaign rally with coal miners in Hazard later in the day.
6933	That's the next goal.
6934	That’s the one that means the most.
6935	"That's the owner of the Clippers," Vallejo replied.
6936	That's the very reason Poroshenko says it's so important to have a presidential election now, when the country has an interim president following the flight to Russia of ousted President Viktor Yanukovych earlier this year.
6937	That’s usually helpful, but sometimes it concerns me, though not enough to work at pulling the digital shades.
6938	That’s what brought us to the wide gravel pathway snaking through Boundary Bay’s wetlands.
6939	“That’s what he brings, so that’s what we’re looking for.”
6940	That's what I want.
6941	That’s what makes it special.”
6942	That’s what the backlash is all about right now.
6943	That's what they tell us, anyway.
6944	That’s what this is all about.”
6945	That’s when a man wearing a red sweatshirt came from a black SUV that had been parked in the corner of the strip plaza lot “for hours,” Dickson said.
6946	That’s when criminals contact people and try to trick them into handing over account details or other sensitive information.
6947	That’s when the crew tied a makeshift leash made of rope to the dog.
6948	That's where she apparently met Matthew, and Longo said Thursday that police have no reason to believe they knew each other beforehand.
6949	"That's where the risk is happening," said Dr. Demetre Daskalakis, the department's assistant commissioner for HIV/AIDS control and prevention.
6950	That's where we want to be in terms of the culture of our team.
6951	That’s why I did it,” Anderson said.
6952	That's why I know she'll be a great senator: Natalie's one of us.
6953	That’s why the Cove Point terminal matters even to those who do not live or do business near the proposed export plant.
6954	That's why the share is down," he said, describing a decrease in Canada's dependence on wheat.
6955	That this is preventable," he said.
6956	That truth is always there.
6957	That was a loaded room.'
6958	“That was an unbelievable play by Carrera.”
6959	That was definitely the most starstruck I have ever been just to be around such talented people and get recognized by them.
6960	That was just a couple of weeks after she says she had maintenance done by Reliance Home Comfort.
6961	That was my thought when I saw the news this morning.
6962	That was one of the best rounds I've ever played.
6963	That was the order of the day from Europe skipper Paul McGinley after watching his team go 10-6 clear of the United States in the Ryder Cup on Saturday.
6964	"That was very close," Hanyu said.
6965	That would be one of many tough holidays for the boy.
6966	That would be the sad part.”
6967	That would mean that devil frogs must have diverged from their South American cousins prior to that submergence, pushing back the origin of Ceratophryidae by more than 40 million years, Evans said.
6968	The 1-0 lead in the best-of-seven series is the first time the Rangers have even been in front of the Penguins at any point.
6969	The 10-year-old told police that her brother, who she said was a Taliban commander, wrapped her in an explosives-packed vest but that she refused to blow herself up at a police checkpoint.
6970	The 17-year-old danced to Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean" and the video was posted on YouTube.
6971	The 17-year-old Manitoba teen lost a younger brother to suicide last year and he says smudging — the practice of burning traditional medicines — is one way that helps him cope with his grief.
6972	The 18-year-old boy driving the vehicle is in police custody.
6973	The 19-year-old Kvyat's 10th place made him the youngest driver ever to earn an F1 point, breaking Vettel's record set at the 2008 Italian Grand Prix.
6974	The 2001 AUMF "should not apply to ISIS because ISIS has no operational connection to al Qaeda or the Taliban and is not currently considered an 'associated force' of al Qaeda," the caucus' resolution reads.
6975	The 2013 Gleaner's Children's Own Spelling Bee parish champion for St Andrew said he studied long and hard both for the competition and the exams even when he did not feel like it.
6976	The 2014 Oklahoma City Pet Expo joins forces with Hudiburg Subaru and the Central Oklahoma Humane Society in order to raise kitty litter and other donation items for the Adoption Center.
6977	The 20 Fastest-Growing Jobs for Aging Boomers Find a new job in one of these up and coming career fields.
6978	The 20-year-old can't be identified due to a statutory publication ban.
6979	The 20-year-old Daley was one of the poster boys of the London 2012 Olympics, where he took bronze, and his gold was one of the highlights for an England team who have easily topped the medals table at the Games ahead of arch-rivals Australia.
6980	The 20-year-old, who was known for offering to be the designated driver, was killed in January.
6981	The 230 property owners have the right to veto prospective neighbours who might put at risk the anonymity of this happy Arcadia, which sits in the foothills of the Serranía de Ronda and has views of Gibraltar.
6982	The 26-year-old Eskisehirspor player will be sidelined for three months, the Ghana Football Association said.
6983	The 32-year-old Hellas Verona defender, part of the Greece squad that reached the last 16 at last month’s FIFA World Cup in Brazil, uploaded a photograph of him with his brother at a hospital on Facebook.
6984	The 33-year-old Williamson spent the last two seasons at Massachusetts as an assistant to Derek Kellogg, helping the Minutemen to an NCAA tournament bid earlier this year.
6985	The 35-year-old American fired a four-under par 68 Friday to stand on seven-under 137 and grab a three-shot lead over Bill Haas in the second round at Augusta National.
6986	The 35-year-old father of eight had spent the earnings of a lifetime — about $55,000 — to build the three-story home.
6987	The 35-year-old is from Scranton, Pennsylvania, and, like the other Jesuits, he's got a story about seeing the "Francis effect" up close.
6988	The 35-year-old prince is the second oldest child of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia, and is third in line to the throne.
6989	The 41-year old Australian Davis Cup captain has signed up to play doubles with Lleyton Hewitt and the pair could face the top seeds, Bob and Mike Bryan, in the third round.
6990	The 45-year-old actor and comedian, a former "Saturday Night Live" and "30 Rock" cast member, remained in critical condition early Monday.
6991	The 49 Degrees North Mountain Resort is open Friday to Tuesday 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., with a 82-inch base and 68-inch summit.
6992	The 4C will be sold through specially selected Fiat and Maserati dealers.
6993	The 50-kilometer (30-mile) Austrian part of the South Stream pipeline is slated for completion by 2017 It will traverse the Black Sea, Serbia and Hungary.
6994	The 5.5-inch model will then apparently launch at a later date or perhaps in early 2015.
6995	The 59-year-old Ortega previously was secretary-general of Guerrero’s state public university and has close ties to the state’s ruling Democratic Revolution Party.
6996	The 59-year-old studied law as a young woman before setting up an insurance brokerage in a country where corruption is rife and business capacity is weak.
6997	The 60-foot-wide rock will pass over New Zealand at a safe 25,000 miles.
6998	The 645-page rule gives states time and regulatory flexibility to lower carbon dioxide emissions from power plants.
6999	The 64-year-old billionaire also made Forbes list of 400 richest Americans several times, the only Latino immigrant to do so.
7000	The 71-year-old activist has been a critic of Hun Sen's government for more than two decades, and helped build her organization into an effective and respected watchdog.
7001	The 750 metre challenge leaves Downs Sailing Club for Deal Pier at 2.15pm subject to tide.
7002	The 83rd-ranked Kamke is next to face 17-year-old Alexander Zverev, another Hamburg native, who defeated Santiago Giraldo of Colombia 6-4, 7-6 (7/6) to keep his breakthrough run going.
7003	The 89th General Assembly also voted to reduce the sales and use tax for utilities used in agriculture structures, such as chicken houses, and lawmakers also increased the tax deductions for volunteer firefighters.
7004	The 900 mile-long peninsula is roughly the size of California and is home to a large collection of volcanoes.
7005	The academy announced Monday that the 68-year-old will collect the BAFTA Fellowship at a London ceremony next month.
7006	The ACA is law, it passed Constitutional muster, yet they still feel it is their right to lie to the American people and make the outrageous argument that the middle class and poor are better off without health insurance.
7007	The accident occurred on Sunday evening when the speedboat, carrying around 40 passengers -- including South Koreans, Chinese and a number of Western tourists -- struck a fishing boat in the Andaman Sea between the popular islands of Phi Phi and Phuket.
7008	The accident was attributed to poor pilot planning and the wreck was never recovered.
7009	The accomplice, Aris Maldonado, was also in police custody and authorities were searching for other suspects.
7010	The accused is scheduled for a court appearance in Happy Valley-Goose Bay May 13.
7011	The accused was later seen driving erratically and at high speed on Yellowhead Trail.
7012	"The actions announced today will only accelerate our trajectory."
7013	The actor has swapped the U.S. for the British capital for "24: Live Another Day," the first new installment of the thriller in four years, and he was seen filming in east London on Wednesday with his longtime co-star Mary Lynn Rajskub.
7014	The actor performs alongside pro partner Cheryl Burke in season 19. "Duck Dynasty" star Sadie Robertson, pictured with her dad, Willie, jokes that her family isn't too big on dancing, but she may be able to squeeze in some practice with Uncle Si.
7015	The actor was being interviewed about his film "Edge of Darkness" by WGN reporter Dean Richards when Gibson was asked about various scandals, including an anti-Semitic rant.
7016	The Acura was stolen on Tuesday from outside Deguire's apartment.
7017	The admissions interview is your chance to get up close and personal with the business schools to which you are applying.
7018	The ads will use "geo-targeting" to direct automated calls to voters living on either side of the bridge in northern New Jersey and across the East River in upper Manhattan.
7019	The ad "takes advantage of a topic that is getting more traction than any single athlete within the Games themselves," says Madden.
7020	The affidavit states that Miller left the dog inside his car, went into the police department about 6 a.m. and did not return to the car until about 12:20 p.m. Police dogs are allowed inside the station, Preciado said.
7021	The AFL-CIO estimates that repression of labor rights by the Chinese government lowered manufacturing wages between 47 and 86 percent.
7022	The agency also proposed keeping the mandate for a subset category, biodiesels, unchanged at 1.28 billion gallons for two more years.
7023	The agency and Dover police said in a statement Thursday that the remains were discovered at the former Minus Funeral Home.
7024	The agency said it is taking comments on whether to register the herbicide in 10 additional states: Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Tennessee and North Dakota.
7025	The agent was treated at a hospital and released.
7026	“The ages of these women were between 13 and 39. Dr. Rojas Lievano also accessed the same patient files several times over the course of the audit period, from a few times to a considerable number of times,” the report said.
7027	The aides and people briefed on the report spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the confidential document.
7028	The aim at the New York meeting is to galvanise member states to sign up to a comprehensive new global climate agreement at talks in Paris next year.
7029	The air carrier named all 239 people on board dead three weeks later.
7030	The airframe chosen for the job was taken from the Airbus A300-600, an aircraft that already had a successful track record with airlines such as Lufthansa, Air France and American Airlines.
7031	The airline added that it was contacting next of kin of those on board.
7032	The airline has liabilities of about 20 billion rupees ($317 million), including money it owes to the oil companies and airport authorities in India.
7033	The airstrikes came just hours after U.S. President Barack Obama called for united action to confront ISIS, also referred to as ISIL.
7034	The albino female quarter horse was in its corral when it was killed.
7035	The album will be released next week, but NPR offers a first listen.
7036	The All-American was in Oklahoma City with his parents to accept the Wayman Tisdale Award as college basketball's top freshman.
7037	The allegations against Xu, 71, were announced on June 30 when President Xi presided over a leadership meeting to expel the retired general and three other senior members from the ruling Communist Party.
7038	The allegations were made by two New Democrat MPs and brought to Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau's attention by one of them.
7039	The alliance grew out of a PowerPoint slideshow assembled by Rob Stein, a longtime Democratic operative, who diagramed what Clinton had famously called the "vast right-wing conspiracy."
7040	The alliances are student-run organizations where LGBT and straight students work together to combat homophobia.
7041	The all-new 2015 Genesis uses new Sensory Surround SafetyTM technology including a Hyundai first, Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB), utilizing sensor fusion technology to help avoid a potential collision or reduce its impact.
7042	The all-new Sonata will receive appearance and performance updates that enhance its performance and keep it competitive in the vanilla sedan segment.
7043	The altered cells, now programmed to recognize, target and kill the cancer, are then placed back into the patient's body.
7044	The Amazon Princess' costume was changed yet again as the "New 52" launched.
7045	The American delegation that secured his freedom included Robert King, the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues.
7046	The American medical physicist won "for the development of radioimmunoassays of peptide hormones".
7047	The American Outlaws use social media to promote pregame gatherings.
7048	The amphibian backhoe has the capability to float while it works, he said.
7049	The amusement park's carousel can be seen next to the shell of a destroyed building.
7050	The animal welfare organization is not sure what the pills are, so Davis said it is asking a pharmacist to help identify them.
7051	"The answer is no."
7052	The answer to that is "no."
7053	The anticipated winds are being described as "Santa Ana-like."
7054	The appeals were transferred to a computer system at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), but the program to process those appeals does not yet exist, unnamed sources told the Post.
7055	The appearance was followed by a sold-out European tour and a headlining gig at the Essence Festival in New Orleans in July.
7056	The area is about 15 miles southwest of the heart of Yosemite.
7057	The area to the east of Mariupol was the scene of fierce fighting before the ceasefire and it also saw the most serious violation of the truce to date on Saturday night when government forces said they came under artillery attack by the rebels.
7058	The Argentine peso’s plunge formed part of an emerging-market currency rout last week that was triggered in part by a deepening of the political and financial crises in Turkey and Ukraine.
7059	The argument says that societies with high illiteracy, little democratic history or infrastructure, and tribal culture shot through with radical Islamic influences are simply not ready for the responsibility of majority rule.
7060	The Arnold, Missouri, man shot the emotionally raw, 84-second clip on his phone and posted it Wednesday morning to YouTube and Facebook.
7061	The array will generate 5.5 percent of the electricity used on Kauai each year.
7062	The arrests of the judges were welcomed by UN officials as a signal that Ghani’s government was willing to treat the country’s drug trafficking problem more seriously than past officials have done.
7063	TheArtblog became a hub for me to see what was happening in the area.
7064	The article goes on to explain how a skilled photographer can create breath taking pictures with a device as simple as an iPhone camera.
7065	The article was headlined: "When Right to Bear Arms Includes the Mentally Ill."
7066	The artists are currently being invited to attend for this sale and show.
7067	The A-series models include a mount that lets photographers clamp their iOS devices on top of the camera for easier use.
7068	The Asian lady beetle is hard to control.
7069	The assault interrupts several months of relative calm.
7070	The Associated Press contributed to this report.
7071	The Associated Press Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times USC kicker Andre Heidari celebrates on the shoulders of teammates Soma Vainuku, left, and Juju Smith as Leonard Williams (94) leads the band after beating Stanford.
7072	The astounding lack of scientific knowledge and dishonesty found in people who write articles like this is shocking.
7073	The atmosphere of over-familiarity with my teammates and the lack of privacy bubble we lived in at the time contributed to my poor choices that night.
7074	The attack initially appeared as a home invasion.
7075	The ATU also said that its members would like to be paid the same as other transit workers across Western Canada.
7076	The Australian Maritime Safety Authority's John Young speaks to the media in Canberra, Australia, on March 20 about satellite imagery.
7077	The author is a Forbes contributor.
7078	The authorities accused Mr Lopez of inciting violence and encouraging demonstrators to vandalise government buildings.
7079	“The authorities have a milestone based roadmap to guide this process.
7080	• The author must have lived and worked in Washington state at some point during the period from 1989 to 2014, and the book must have been published during that period.
7081	The author's mother stands in front of the house where her grandmother was born.
7082	The authors quantify the differences, and they are stark.
7083	The autopsy found Joe-Joe White had a lethal dose of methadone in his blood, but it's unknown how he ingested it.
7084	The average price for a London home is now £514,000 ($838,000) -- nearly 50% higher than before the financial crisis.
7085	The average rate on a one-year adjustable-rate mortgage fell to 2.43 percent from 2.45 percent.
7086	The award is one of Europe's most prestigious human rights accolades.
7087	The baby was placed in the custody of prospective adoptive parents immediately after it was born.
7088	The back of the curtain, the side facing the scaffolding, bears all the lumps and dribbles of the spraying process.
7089	The Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act had 43 Democratic co-sponsors — including Sens.
7090	The banning orders are a new idea.
7091	The banquet hall will show all Italy and Spain matches on two large projector screens and you can be sure there will be large crowds for each game.
7092	The Barclays U.S. MBS Index fell 0.32 percent last month, while the Barclays U.S. Corporate Investment Grade Bond Index rose 0.07 percent.
7093	The base metals sector declined one per cent while March copper was unchanged at US$2.89 a pound.
7094	"The basic physical understanding obtained from these studies can improve our ability to rationally design optoelectronic devices," such as fiber-optic communications equipment, he said.
7095	The battle is not over yet for the Willicombes.
7096	The BBC News website asked two property experts to offer some tips to first-time buyers.
7097	The BBC Pop Up team went behind the scenes at one of America's scariest haunted houses in Baton Rouge.
7098	The BBC understands the claim was reported to police recently.
7099	The bC Marketplace allows employees to have access to user-friendly "health care benefit plan decision support tools" to shop for and enroll in the plans that best meet their unique needs.
7100	The bear skin was from an Alaskan hunt.
7101	The Beatles were heading to the roof of their Apple Corps headquarters on tony Savile Row.
7102	The belief is that instead of going this route, the correct response to the court ruling that struck down the previous Open Internet rules is to reclassify ISPs as "common carriers" and regulate them like phone companies.
7103	The benchmark S&P 500 ended 0.1 percent lower.
7104	The benefit is receiving a little bit of additional time to get people rested up.
7105	"The best part about the growth of this travel trend is that the availability of so many different types of treehouses provides getaway opportunities for all types of personalities.
7106	"The best part is, maybe I want to get some gun training?
7107	The best part is that they don't require any special knowledge or equipment.
7108	"The best treatment currently available is a heart transplant but the shortage of donor organs in the UK means that many patients will die on the transplant waiting list."
7109	The BGLC had indicated to The Gleaner that despite having granted the licence, if it investigates the new information and finds that a major player in the company has serious clouds hovering over his or her character, steps can be taken.
7110	The bid team from Glasgow took a special bottle of Scotch whisky to Colombo to be opened after the result - win or lose.
7111	The Big 8 Conference secured 17 of the West Team's 47 roster spots, 36 percent of the team.
7112	The Big Four firms indicated they could continue working with Chinese clients pending the appeal.
7113	The bigger question isn't whether the U.S. should try to work with Iran, but whether it can.
7114	The biggest spenders so far — as in four other states — is the Crossroads network.
7115	"The biggest thing that people need to know with this is that if you live adjacent to forest areas, it's best to keep your pets and animals in at night," said Brian Wolfer, wildlife biologist with the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife in Springfield.
7116	The big issue here is when there's a life or death situation, proper humane care isn't being seen to.
7117	The big thing for Smith is that he appears to have cut back on the debilitating mistakes he made through most of his rookie season.
7118	The bill, introduced on Thursday, would exempt from prosecution adults 21 and older who possess marijuana for their own personal use and consumption.
7119	The Billionaire Game, one of the features of The Gratitude Game, challenges you to imagine how you would live if you had all of the money in the world, and then guides you how to take steps to make your dreams real.
7120	"The bill is a threat to our family values, considering that the majority of our people are Christians," fumed Wanjiku Muhia, a female MP and one of many women deputies who stormed out of parliament last week in protest.
7121	The bill will be sent to Gov. Jan Brewer, who has five days to sign it into law, veto it or do nothing and allow it to become law.
7122	The bird had been kept on a ship - was it fit to present to a lady?
7123	"The birds benefit from human caring too.
7124	The black-clad, knife-wielding executioner warns that Henning will be next.
7125	The blast had been caused by a bomb but it was not yet known whether a suicide bomber was involved.
7126	"The Blue Room," one of Pablo Picasso's first masterpieces at The Phillips Collection, on Tuesday, June 10, 2014, in Washington.
7127	The board also voted to extend its own 3.5 per cent pay cut enacted last year, holding the trustee honorarium at $45,000 per year.
7128	"The Board of Education has done nothing wrong.
7129	The bodies of two other women were found at the same address.
7130	The body of a 29-year-old woman was discovered in the snow near a snowmobile trail on New Year's Day.
7131	The bones, found in September 2010, consist of a humerus, radius and ulna from a left arm.
7132	The book examines the strategic implications of what de Kuijper calls “The Transparent Economy.”
7133	The book is a bit dense in parts, but well worth the trouble.
7134	The book is titled "Can't Forgive: My 20-Year Battle with O.J. Simpson."
7135	The book's title comes from the Bible, Zechariah 1:5, where God warns sinful Israelites that without repenting they will suffer the same fate as their fathers and their fathers' prophets.
7136	The bot approved it however the human intervention, and believe me there is a human, has not banned my comment, so what's the point of the bot?
7137	The bounce is different.
7138	The bowlers were scheduled to arrive back in the province late Sunday.
7139	The boy, Duke Suddarth, was transferred to the downtown hospital on Saturday.
7140	The boy suffered minor burns on his chest and neck.
7141	The Bradbury building—they've shot upwards of 150 films there.
7142	The Breakie Dog is topped with fried egg, tomato relish and black pudding bits.
7143	The brewery has just launched two new beers: a Weizenbock with seven-percent alcohol by volume and a steam beer that Wetzel says is a type of lager brewed with ale yeast.
7144	@TheBrianG actually in colorado, so many dogs are eating the edibles, that it has become quite a concern.
7145	The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the latest attack began Saturday with a suicide car bomb at the main entrance of the Deir el-Zour air base.
7146	The brothers were reunited on the weekend at a family reunion in Red Deer, where he was welcomed as a long-lost brother.
7147	The brutal attack, which became known as the "Central Park Jogger" case, drew national headlines as evidence that New York’s crime rate had spiraled out of control.
7148	The BSA is necessary for Afghanistan.
7149	The buffalo meat is really a byproduct of a deep conservation ethic.”
7150	The building has been patched over the years but is in need of a major overhaul.
7151	The building is now 100 percent leased, with the offices of Hotel Tonight and NerdWallet relocating there.
7152	The Bundesliga club says Schmelzer broke a bone in the hand during Saturday's 1-0 loss at home to previously winless Hamburger SV.
7153	The buses have become among the most visible symbols of what some complain is the technology-driven gentrification of San Francisco, with young, well-paid tech workers forcing out less affluent residents.
7154	The bus left a straight section of road on the Cabot Trail, between Neils Harbour and Ingonish, N.S., at about 2.30 p.m. Sunday and rolled into a ditch.
7155	The bus picks us up a short time later and we head to the home of Luz Angelica, the daughter of another mama, for a traditional Colombian meal.
7156	The byelection, which is being held to replace former Progressive Conservative MHA and cabinet minister Terry French, is set for Nov. 5. The candidates include Barry Petten (PC), Rex Hillier (Liberal) and Cameron Mercer-Maillett (NDP).
7157	The cabin looks like a VW, with well-crafted appointments and a certain German precision to the construction.
7158	The CAC-40 in France rose 0.3 percent to 4,274.20.
7159	The campaign was launched on Mar. 23, 2008—the same month that Bear Stearns collapsed into the arms of JPMorgan Chase (JPM).
7160	The Canadian company lost $423 million, or 80 cents per share.
7161	The Canadian had 27 aces in his first-round win over Daniel Brands of Germany but just three against Murray.
7162	The Canary, the new home security unit, is $199 out the door, says CEO Adam Sager.
7163	The candidates for mayor are, left-right, Brian Bowman, Paula Havixbeck, Michel Fillion, Robert-Falcon Ouellette, David Sanders, Gord Steeves and Judy Wasylycia-Leis.
7164	The candy man can cause he mixes it with love and makes the world taste good.
7165	The captain, in a written statement given to police and published in local news reports, said the weather was good when the divers entered the water.
7166	The car manufacturer plans to put new sensors into cars to help prevent deadly distracted driving accidents by monitoring where your head and eyes are pointed and warning you if you start to nod off or stare too long at your phone or radio.
7167	The cars can go no faster than 25 mph, to reduce potential damage should an accident occur.
7168	The car was registered to Amanda Dahlen.
7169	The case against the United Progressive Party (UPP) brought by the government of President Park Geun-hye has been played out amid a bitter struggle between conservatives and liberals in a country sharply divided over ideology and North Korea.
7170	The cases highlight the fact that commonly-used internet services are not private.
7171	The cases involved no threat of attack against the United States.
7172	The case was brought to renewed public attention in large part by George Frierson, one of George Stinney's most outspoken supporters.
7173	The Cassville branch hours are 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday, and 8 a.m. to noon Saturday.
7174	The casting agency released a call for its male actors today, asking for African American street thugs, record producers and label executives; this time, they kept the skin tone out of this one.
7175	The Castre Museum, Musee de la Castre, is at the top of the hill, featuring weapons, ethnic artifacts and ceramics from the collection of a 19th-century baron.
7176	The catchy rock song hearkened back to the Beatles' trademark hits.
7177	The Catholic and Orthodox churches split in 1054 over differences on the primacy of the papacy.
7178	The cause of the collision is still unknown.
7179	The CBC's Jillian Coubrough was at Future Shop and Best Buy early Friday morning and reports that some TVs were selling for between $500 and $600 less than their regular prices.
7180	The CDRI said the slight decline in the sub-index reflected a drop in foreign fund inflows into the local equity market and a relatively high comparison base in the same period last year.
7181	The ceasefire has, however, been marred by a number of violations, including the downing of a Ukrainian helicopter on Tuesday, killing all nine people on board.
7182	"The cells will only be there a few weeks before they're immunologically rejected, but during that time they do their magic, and their magic stays behind long after the cells are gone," explains Marban.
7183	The center handles both inbound and outbound calls.
7184	The center is run by Chico State's Associated Students Campus Dining Program and University Housing and Food Service.
7185	The central bank says Mexico's cruise and border tourism have rebounded.
7186	The central bank's low-rate polices have helped keep borrowing rates low for consumers and businesses.
7187	The chain's famous red roof logo will be also tweaked so that it's white against a swirling red circle.
7188	The chairman could not be reached by CBC News.
7189	"The challenge will be to make an aluminum body at that price."
7190	The Chamber is an almost entirely partisan operation.
7191	The champagne showers in the Galaxy locker room were actually held up for several minutes as Donovan’s teammates waited for him to arrive, leading one teammate to jokingly exclaim: “he’s out there thanking every single f**king person in this place!”
7192	"The chances that you have when you're serving for a set, it's in your hands to finish that off.
7193	The changes announced Wednesday raise the cap to $2,000 every three months.
7194	The changes reduced the number of black voters in districts where they did not constitute a majority, but still had helped elect white Democrats.
7195	The charges carry a combined maximum penalty of 45 years in prison.
7196	The Charleston Gazette CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- Police in Kanawha County investigated seven slayings in 2013, the lowest total in the past several years.
7197	The Charleston Gazette FORT WORTH, Texas - West Virginia's game with TCU Saturday started nothing like the Mountaineers had expected.
7198	The checks are similar to those carried out on South African runner Caster Semenya, who was forced to undergo gender tests before eventually being cleared to return to action against women.
7199	The Chelsea playmaker had a toe contusion but moved freely during all of Thursday's training session.
7200	The chemical in the January spill, crude MCHM, is one of thousands not regulated under current law.
7201	The chief executive of the world's largest social network said Thursday he's considered adding a button to Facebook posts, allowing people a third way to express reactions other than clicking "Like" or leaving a comment.
7202	The Chill Baby Panic Button Pacifier also has ventilation holes that are too small.
7203	“The Chinese public can accept the fact that our environment is polluted.
7204	The Chinese punk bands may have copied the style of the original British punk scene, but their songs have distinctly local themes.
7205	The church has played a complex role in efforts to reign in gang violence in this Central American country.
7206	The CIA estimates that the group could have as many as 30,000 fighters in the region.
7207	The Cinder Cone area encompasses approximately 180 acres of terrain and offers 715 feet of vertical drop.
7208	The City Council would oversee the Metro Park system.
7209	The City had a moral obligation to right this injustice—which is why, from Day One, I vowed to settle this case.
7210	The city of Anderson water utility has seven tanks total, and all but one have gone at least 12 years since their last inspection from an outside expert, records show.
7211	The City of Arts and Sciences was inaugurated in 1998 with the opening of the Hemisfèric, a large viewing hall featuring a state-of-the-art IMAX projection system.
7212	The City of Whitehorse will also have a display, while Iqaluit holds a midnight snowmobile parade on Frobisher Bay.
7213	The city sued Freedom Temple in September 2013 after negotiations stalled in Rock Hill’s effort to buy less than an acre of vacant land that the church owns on West White Street.
7214	The city's water supply may be contaminated by a toxin harmful to humans.
7215	The civil war that has been ravaging Syria over the last several years has created conditions that helped IS gain strength and numbers.
7216	The Class 6A state defensive player of the year will go to ASU as a strong-side pass-rusher — the position he played in the U.S. Army All-America game.
7217	The Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James is one of the big names speaking out.
7218	The clock is ticking in Woods’ pursuit of Jack Nicklaus’ record of 18 major golf championships, as what began as a marathon becomes a middle-distance race.
7219	The closing ceremonies feature a performance by A Tribe Called Red.
7220	The coaching staff had a counter-punch each time the Red Dragons struck.
7221	The code also required this information be reported at the last regular meeting of the calendar year.
7222	The collection was given to Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson, the state steward of the Alamo who is pushing for a new historical centre that would house Collins' collection.
7223	The collection, which will be loaned to the museum, includes works by such leading African-American artists as Beauford Delaney, Faith Ringgold, Jacob Lawrence, Augusta Savage and Henry Ossawa Tanner.
7224	The collision sent Holyk to Sacred Heart Hospital where he remained in critical condition until he was removed from his ventilator.
7225	The color is the key The most colorful planet appeared to shine with a yellowish-orange hue, seemingly suggesting the color of blood and was thus named for the god of war.
7226	The Columbus Museum of Art, the Zoological Society of Cincinnati, and the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden also received grants.
7227	The comments on this page do not necessarily reflect the views of The Gleaner.
7228	The comment was widely reported by media outlets outside Italy last week, with dozens of articles appearing in the US.
7229	The commercial itself won't be released until game time.
7230	"The Commission often acts without really understanding everyday realities," Seehofer added.
7231	The commission said that if such a loan payment is tax deductible in the subsidiary's member state, it must be taxed where the parent was established.
7232	The committee plans to reconvene next week, according to a statement.
7233	The Committee will reconvene next week.”
7234	The community is not without a strong sense of humor and warmth -- but it's not always met with a tremendous degree of understanding from people wired since birth to believe that pair bonding is the end-all, be-all.
7235	The companies doing the studies—and their investors—are getting rich.
7236	The companies put the deal's total value at about $2.3 billion.
7237	The company also has two ships under charter to the UK line Thomson Cruises.
7238	The company also noted that some of the photos were of minors, violating Reddit's terms and conditions (and U.S. law).
7239	The company also runs the auction site NaughtyBids.
7240	The company emphasized that the recall was based on a single case and a single product but the broad recall is being issued in an abundance of caution.
7241	The company has apologized and said it has since adopted stricter internal standards for reviewing studies before they are begun.
7242	The company has previously said it wants to work with the city and is prepared to mitigate any damage to trees and the environment, but that it would defend its right to access the land.
7243	The company is funded by Horizons Ventures, Magma Venture Partner, Qualcomm Incorporated, through its venture capital arm, Qualcomm Ventures, and SanDisk Ventures.
7244	The company only had $37 billion still left for stock purchases under that plan as it began the fiscal year.
7245	The company painted a 747 freighter with the team logo and the Number 12 on the tail to salute the fans.
7246	The company reported fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 68 cents on sales of $9.31 billion late Tuesday, with both results coming in below analyst expectations.
7247	The company said it will report annually on those emissions and include climate and deforestation policies in the company's code of conduct for suppliers.
7248	The company said that the choice to bar ads won't affect the browsing experience.
7249	The company's amusement parks have come under attack after its handling of orcas was scrutinized in the 2013 film "Blackfish," which documented the killing of a trainer at the company's Orlando, Florida, park by a whale.
7250	The company says the plane will fly from London to New York in three hours and from Los Angeles to Tokyo in six hours.
7251	The company's world headquarters is located in Omaha, Nebraska.
7252	The competition for the best youngsters is cutthroat, with talents changing hands swiftly and the beady eyes of scouts always on the lookout for those who are likely to attract the most interest.
7253	The compile time is very fast.”
7254	The complaint alleges that Messi and his father, aiming to lower their Spanish tax bill, sought to manage the player's lucrative income from image rights through shell companies set up overseas.
7255	The complete details of the new program will be available on BART's and AC Transit's websites on Tuesday, December 9 at 10 a.m., and there may be some slight changes or updates to the above information at that time.
7256	The complete guide to Veg..
7257	The complete report follows.
7258	The concept may seem sound, but reality doesn't support it.
7259	The conditions covered include cancer; seizures including epilepsy; glaucoma; multiple sclerosis and other disorders that cause severe muscle spasms; amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; HIV; AIDS; and Crohn's disease.
7260	The confederation has hinted it wants Scolari to remain with the national team, but nothing official has been announced.
7261	The conference, organized by the Israeli American Council (IAC) will be attended by senior Israeli representatives, including the ambassadors to the U.S. and UN as well as Minister Gilad Erdan and Labor Party leader Yitzhak Herzog.
7262	The conference Premier Danny Williams hosted this summer was not outside the norm of what these events have become.
7263	The conflict between Israel and the Palestinains cannot be solved by pure military means.
7264	The conflict has killed at least 4,700 people.
7265	The conflict in Iraq is an old one: Sunnis vs. Shiites.
7266	The conflict, which enters its fourth year this month, has unleashed massive suffering across all segments of Syrian society, but the impact on children has been especially acute, according to a new report by UNICEF.
7267	The confrontation unfolded Friday afternoon and evening in the densely-populated district of Mong Kok, Kowloon -- on the opposite side of Victoria Harbor to the main "Occupy" protest site surrounding government offices in Admiralty, Hong Kong Island.
7268	The consensus view of the average 2014 price of a barrel of Brent rose more than $2 to $108 in the course of the past month.
7269	The consortium said earlier in a statement the canal authority had broken off talks on who will foot the bill to complete the ambitious multi-billion dollar project.
7270	The consulate helped Carmeli's family get a flight to Israel on Sunday, she said.
7271	The consumer voted for higher wages, so now the business's are having the consumer pay for their choice.
7272	The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly.
7273	The controversial "Spring Breakers" was one of the most buzzed-about films in 2013 thanks to Franco's much-praised performance as Alien, as well as the racy roles taken on by Disney darlings Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens.
7274	The controversy raised the question: Who deserves access to great art?
7275	The cost difference would leave them with big medical bills that they'd have to pay themselves.
7276	The council is now considering a prosecution under the Environmental Protection Act after Mr Davies was heard blaring out music at 6pm.
7277	The country's 1981 Constitution prohibits the president's re-election.
7278	The couple has signed on to star in “Donnie Loves Jenny”, a 10-episode docu-series for A&E.
7279	The couple offers instructions for making frames, wall art and functional wall decor, all with a rustic charm.
7280	The couple settled the case in October after admitting taking $2.8 million from the actor’s accounts.
7281	The couple were engaged before Sutcliffe died in 1962 from a brain hemorrhage.
7282	The couple, who married in a state that allows same-sex marriage, were among four couples who filed an Ohio lawsuit in February that initially wanted both parents' names on their children's birth certificates.
7283	The court also heard that Daye was being investigated for other matters.
7284	"The court considers these crimes quite serious and has to evaluate the protection of the public."
7285	The court did not say how long it would take in issuing a ruling.
7286	The court said that if obesity could hinder "full and effective participation" at work then it could count as a disability.
7287	The court was told on Monday that it was in this capacity he came into contact with the teenager involved in the complaint.
7288	The court will then decide if it agrees with a federal judge in Utah who in mid-December overturned the 2004-voter passed ban, saying it violates gay and lesbian couples' rights to due process and equal protection under the 14th Amendment.
7289	The Cowboys, meanwhile, piled up miss after miss and foul after foul, and are now third in the Big 12 behind Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas.
7290	The CPJ study found that an ``unusually high proportion'' of the 60 journalists who died reporting from the world's trouble-spots in 2014 were international journalists.
7291	The crash happened at 8:38 a.m. at the intersection of Lacewood and Parkland drives.
7292	The creation of a cultural event that engages the local community to think about life is deep in the blood of a Jesuit university.
7293	The credit card slips also show charges at restaurants such as Sam's in Cornwall, Maggie's in North River, Red's Corner at Poole's Corner and the Merchantman Pub in Charlottetown.
7294	The credit could be 20%-35% up to $3,000 in work-related expenses for one child; or $6,000 for two or more.
7295	The crime is punishable by up to two years in a state jail and a $1,000 fine.
7296	The Crimson Tide rolled 42-14 to a second straight title.
7297	The Crimson Tide routed No. 14 Missouri 42-13 to win its 24th Southeastern Conference championship on Saturday.
7298	The cross country teams will run at Spearman and the Rangerette volleyball team will host Borger on Saturday.
7299	The crowd is small and mood subdued – but Edmond Twebembere does not want to let security fears spoil his night out.
7300	The Crown alleges that the accused, who worked at a bank in Half-Way Tree, St Andrew, engaged popular entertainer George Nooks, who has been a customer of the bank for some time.
7301	“The Cubs have some very talented young hitters, and I would love nothing more than to make a positive impact on their careers,” Ramirez said.
7302	The cuisine: Classic French food in an elegant space with a glass wall onto the runway.
7303	"The cultural memory of the Vietnam War in the epoch of Forever War" H. Bruce Franklin was the first tenured professor to be fired by Stanford University, and the first to be fired by a major university since the 1950s.
7304	“The customer is always right.”
7305	The Daily Express keeps up its reputation as the paper of choice for lovers of weather stories, claiming that Britain will "sizzle" in a two-week heatwave which will arrive shortly and see parts of the country hotter than the south of France.
7306	The Daily Herald reported that the funeral for Galasso is set for this weekend.
7307	The Daily Mail has an article written by former Home Secretary David Blunkett in which he says politicians cannot simply avoid the issue of immigration.
7308	The Daily Troll: News for your evening commute.
7309	The damage is also costly and taxpayers will ultimately foot the bill to replace the glass in the shelters.
7310	The data itself is an overwhelming analysis of online conversation divided into three categories: social status (an acknowledgement of a social tie like a 'follow'), social support (affection) and messages exchanging knowledge.
7311	The data released by the United Nations gives an idea of the scale of the problem.
7312	The date of the by-election has yet to be announced The by-election in Kent, triggered by the defection of MP Mark Reckless to UKIP, is expected to be one of the most acrimonious of recent years.
7313	The daunting challenges sound mutually exclusive: bring people together and unite a country by imposing economic austerity and promoting regional autonomy.
7314	The day after his arrest, the Cardinals placed Dwyer on the reserve/non-football illness list, meaning he can't play for Arizona again this season.
7315	The dead ants were always found in an outer vestibular cell, a chamber built by a female wasp to close the nest after she lays eggs.
7316	The deadly protests led to Yanukovych's ouster, the loss of Crimea to Russia and a pro-Russia separatist rebellion.
7317	The deal with Iliad is meant as a pre-emptive strike to get Vivendi's board to pick its bid, the person said.
7318	The death toll has reached 116 in northern India, the ministry said, with another 128 killed in Pakistan.
7319	The debate divided Heber.
7320	The debate hit another level this past Sunday night when A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
7321	The decision to go ahead with ionizing radiation imaging should be shared between the doctor and the patient, they write.
7322	"The decision was made in accordance with Samsung's zero tolerance policy on child labor."
7323	The decision was that until “the stripping of citizenship” issue was reversed, there would be no further dealings with the Dominican Republic.
7324	The decline of water levels in the Euphrates over recent years has led to electricity shortages in towns south of Baghdad, where steam-powered generators depend entirely on water levels.
7325	The Defence Ministry recently announced a set of measures including allowing family visits on weekdays and improving conditions at barracks.
7326	The defense also has suggested Klein may have been suicidal, apparently as a hedge should the jury believe she died of cyanide poisoning.
7327	The defense argues that the trial should be moved outside the state, citing the emotional impact the bombing had on many local residents.
7328	"The Delegate should be someone that is a proponent of D.C., a champion of D.C. Someone that's a bomb-thrower and disruptive," Krepp said.
7329	The deliberate exclusion of Hamas from the Cairo conference plays into the political agenda of the Israeli government, which is to fracture the Palestinian government that Fatah and Hamas jointly agreed in the spring.
7330	The demanding music evokes feelings of uncertainty, which are reflected in the stark, harsh movements of the dancers, who frequently clasp their hands above their heads as if in desperate prayer.
7331	The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee calls its new voter-mobilization program ROSIE, evoking Rosie the Riveter, for “Re-engaging Our Sisters in Elections.”
7332	The Democratic National Committee acknowledged the problem as it announced a "top to bottom" review of its operations.
7333	• The Democratic Women’s Council of Horry County recently announced the 2014 winners of its annual scholarship essay contest.
7334	The demonstrators tried to protect themselves by improvising, using cling wrap to cover their faces and arms, as well as umbrellas, goggles, plastic bottles and surgical masks.
7335	The DEP ordered the company to immediately conduct an integrity test of all above-ground storage tanks and secondary containment structures for its entire facility.
7336	The deputies continued questioning Johnson's son and she had to be restrained, according to the Sheriff's Office.
7337	The deputy approached the suspect in the bar, and Hammon reportedly gave a fake name and tried to run form the bar.
7338	The deputy head of parliament, Igor Kaletnik, also resigned.
7339	The design and innovation that we deserve and need to strive for should reduce the complexity of living in this world, and improve the quality of life in so doing.
7340	The design is for a 100-foot bridge with a concrete deck supported by pilings.
7341	The desire for change has been driven by a wealth gap that persists despite huge mineral resources, with fast economic growth sidestepping the bulk of a population that is among the world's poorest.
7342	The device was hurled at an outdoor seating area Friday evening at Bar Pitti in Greenwich Village.
7343	The Devils could only cringe as they watched Erik Karlsson score the winner in the shootout, lifting the Ottawa Senators to a 2-1 win Thursday night.
7344	The different options for a possible EU military mission in Central African Republic were contained in a paper circulated on Wednesday by EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton, acting on a request by EU leaders last month.
7345	The dining room has a large sliding door that opens onto the back patio.
7346	The dinosaurs are just part of what Tilders' company can do.
7347	"The direct impact you would measure through typical tourism standards," he said.
7348	The Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) said: "After four weeks of terrible fighting..
7349	The discussions are expected to cover expanding staffing in the two countries’ interests sections and letting diplomats travel outside their respective capitals without having to ask permission.
7350	The disease also has a toehold in Nigeria, where it has killed five people.
7351	The dispersal of Syrian refugees throughout the country has created its own pressures, and Derbas has several times advocated establishing camps.
7352	The disputed island standoff regularly sees the coast guards of China and Japan tail each other around the island chain.
7353	The dissolution of parliament was among the campaign promises made by Poroshenko before he came to power in presidential elections in May.
7354	"The distance gave us some perspective on Jack Bauer," says Gordon.
7355	The district has to lease the building because it does not have any classroom space, and it has budgeted for a certified teacher's salary.
7356	The district's handbook says minor infractions won't prohibit someone from volunteering.
7357	The disturbance producing the thundershowers will pull more ocean air inland Sunday, said KING 5 Meteorologist Mary Lee.
7358	“The doctors confirm!
7359	The doctrine office said the organization strayed from church teaching and promoted "radical feminist themes incompatible with the Catholic faith."
7360	The Dog Tag Experience begins in a recreated train station where Museum visitors will be issued a digitally-enabled card representing the dog tags given to new GIs.
7361	The "Don Jon" star has long been the subject of gay rumors.
7362	The door is closed, but it's not locked.
7363	The double-whammy weakened the yen by 8 percent against the dollar and lifted consumer inflation about half way to the BoJ's goal.
7364	The Dow Jones industrial average rose 15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 17,895.
7365	The drive was highlighted by Browning's 51-yard jaunt, setting up the go-ahead score.
7366	The drugmaker’s shares are up 12.9% this year so far and 20.9% over the past 12 months.
7367	The drummer for Bay Area Dragons 1 urges paddlers on.
7368	The Ducks are 4-5-0 since Jan. 15 but still lead Chicago for the league's highest point total with two games left before the Olympic break.
7369	"The duty, the commitment grow out of love," responded Cuomo.
7370	The "Dying in America" study released Wednesday was done by a panel of 21 experts.
7371	The dysfunction of the Jets locker room might have played a role in Holmes’ problems there.
7372	The eccentric millionaire says he hopes to influence the rest of the world's rich and powerful to give more through his flashy charity antics, even though it makes him a target for ridicule.
7373	The economic and cultural roots they laid down beside the tracks remains to this day.
7374	The efforts come as more veterans face homelessness and after two harsh winters drove homeless people south, especially to Florida, Marbut said.
7375	The eight were arrested last month after appearing in an online video showing them on a Nile river boat celebrating what was described as a gay marriage.
7376	The election comes only two months after voting for the other seat in the ward.
7377	The election for the Grass Valley District currently held by Patti McGonigle finds McGonigle being challenged by Dave Bennett.
7378	The electrical engineer didn't lose heart: now, he plans to drive his customized three-wheeler all the way to London.
7379	The e-mail exchanges are among the most damaging evidence so far supporting their assertions the lane closures were politically motivated.
7380	The encounter was captured on video.
7381	The end of Franciscan Hobbies is part of a trend, John Gunther said.
7382	The entire family was stunned, most of all Mohamed Fahmy himself, the Cairo bureau chief with broadcaster Al Jazeera English.
7383	The equipment should arrive any day, says Crossman.
7384	The ESA now wants to use Russian support to land on Mars in order to search for signs of life using an automated research laboratory.
7385	The ESPN/NBA deal is the latest example of how businesses holding some the most valuable video content in their hands are loosening the reins for more digital offerings.
7386	The established parking they depend upon is an urgently necessary part of the reason why they located along Westlake.
7387	The EU had also announced that it would send a further 1,000 troops.
7388	The euro fell to $1.21 from $1.2162 late Tuesday.
7389	The European Tour will be in Morocco next week for the Trophy Hassan II.
7390	The evaluation will consider whether Ernst may have been "legally insane" at the time of the incident as well as whether she is fit to stand trial, U.S. Magistrate Judge Peggy Leen said in issuing the order.
7391	The Evans family banking operation survived the Great Depression and has assisted thousands of Idaho residents and businesses.
7392	The evening’s finale is the film “Feel My Pulse,” and this is where the organ really shines — its rich symphony of sounds envelops the audience, creating an orchestral feel one minute, playfully adding special effects the next.
7393	The event celebrated all that members of our country's armed forces have done for us over the decades, and featured a number of famous people cameos and musical performances.
7394	The event, held at the end of April, is a chance to experience a different (albeit temporary) world where creativity, self-reliance, self-expression and communal effort are championed.
7395	The event is open to all resident and non-resident 2nd through 6th graders.
7396	The event is the only blemish in an otherwise strong start for Utah.
7397	“The events in Ferguson reminded us that we cannot and we must not allow tensions which are present in so many neighborhoods across America to go unresolved,” Holder said during a conference of mayors in Little Rock.
7398	The event was a follow-up to one he held in November, during which he discussed the movie "The Social Network," as well as various new policies on the site.
7399	The exact location and nature of the damage caused by the shelling is being determined.
7400	The exchanges, or online marketplaces, offer subsidized private coverage and cater mainly to middle-class people who don't have health care on the job.
7401	The exhibition, a senses-shaking assault of music, memorabilia and visuals hits as you enter a gallery that features everything from reminisces by Jackson Browne to hand-written lyrics by Frank Zappa and Gram Parsons.
7402	The exhibition looks at how digital technology has evolved since the 1970s.
7403	The exhibit will be shown in Los Angeles in 2015.
7404	The experiments will use yeast as a model organism to test how the drug acts on tumors.
7405	The exploration would take place on a saddle between Goat Peak and adjacent Flagg Mountain.
7406	The Explorer programme will help realise it in the real world.
7407	The explosion on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig killed 11 workers and released millions of gallons of oil into the gulf, wreaking economic havoc and prompting environmental damage across several southern states.
7408	The FAA has been under pressure from Congress and industry to allow commercial drone flights that in many cases are too dirty, dull, or dangerous for manned aircraft.
7409	“The fact is, in too many parts of this country, a deep distrust exists between law enforcement and communities of color.”
7410	The fact that Elections New Brunswick staff were alerted to rejected ballots angered some people who wanted to spoil their ballots in secret.
7411	The fact that I write about underrepresentation of people of color doesn't mean that I am underrepresented: I turn on the TV and I see white women with skin and hair like mine.
7412	"The fact that people actually left their houses when they had the option of staying home is amazing."
7413	The Falcons had a disappointing 4-12 finish after the 37-year-old Gonzalez postponed his retirement for one year.
7414	The Familia franchise incorporates 260 private health facilities across 16 regions in Tanzania.
7415	The family met with a representative of the Lee County Sheriff's Office Victim's Resources office Tuesday.
7416	The family's main goal in hosting was to bring people together.
7417	The family was also 491 euros (£382.98) out of pocket by the extra three days of expenses such as re-renting the flat, but were reimbursed through their insurance.
7418	The family will receive friends at the church immediately following the service.
7419	The FARC says it has stopped kidnapping for ransom but maintains military personnel are fair targets in the absence of a ceasefire.
7420	The father and son-in-law of two victims said the perpetrator would have been sentenced to death in Japan.
7421	The father was arrested in December for alleged bank fraud, according to CNN affiliate WCBS.
7422	The FBI already has provided videos and paper documents that correspond with Trentadue's Freedom of Information Act request, she said.
7423	The FBI said no bomb-making materials were found, but they declined to discuss evidence.
7424	The fear was that wood, which is porous, can harbor bacteria.
7425	The federal agency announced this week that its status review found the pinto abalone is not currently in danger of extinction and does not warrant federal protection under the Endangered Species Act at this time.
7426	The federal controlled substances act stipulates that only doctors and nurse practitioners can dispense prescription drugs, and only in states where they are licensed.
7427	The federal government employs thousands of federal workers in the capital region through intermediary firms.
7428	“The federal marketplace approved coverage for 11 of our 12 fictitious applicants who initially applied online, or by telephone,” Bagdoyan, who directs GAO’s Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, said in testimony obtained by NBC News.
7429	The Federal Reserve controls short-term interest rates through what is called the Fed funds rate.
7430	The federal rules do not preclude states from creating their own, with the proviso that a state’s rules only supersede the federal ones if the company issuing the shares and the investor buying them are both located in that state.
7431	The female driver pulled over and asked them to leave the bus.
7432	The ferry system re-assigned him to his home until further notice.
7433	The fighting, often along ethnic faultlines, has pitted President Salva Kiir's SPLA government forces against the rebels loyal to Machar.
7434	The figures in the budget are there for all to see.
7435	The film examines the relationship between the government and the sugar and processed-food industries and how it can be detrimental to our health.
7436	The film is currently seeking distribution, and after the well-received premiere screening, expect a deal to come together quickly.
7437	The final game saw Bassett-Bouchard and Li at a white-linen-draped table while a tournament representative live-tweeted their every move.
7438	The Financial Action Task Force sounds dynamic, like a rapid-response team one might send to a troubled country.
7439	The finding marks the second time this year that the International Finance Corporation's own ombudsman has chided it for flaws in Honduran investments.
7440	The findings show that letrozole is not only appropriate for patients with polycystic ovaries, but that it is also associated with higher live birth rates and ovulation rates, he said.
7441	The fireball was seen as far west as Quebec and in Nova Scotia.
7442	The firecrackers ban is a lesson learned from the 2011 tragedy when a depot of firecrackers and pyrotechnic devices exploded, causing injuries and damage to nearby properties.
7443	"The firefighters went to the upper floors and were able to look down and see her," McDonald added.
7444	The fire had burned itself out by the time the van was discovered.
7445	The fire was mostly extinguished by 9:45 p.m., but additional resources were called in to ensure the fire was out and to clear the smoke.
7446	The firm said it was investigating.
7447	The first, an 88 mph fastball, hit Marlins All-Star outfielder Giancarlo Stanton in the face, right below the left eye.
7448	The first CIA detainee, Abu Zubaydah, and many others were subjected to coercive interrogation in near non-stop fashion for days or weeks at a time.
7449	The first incident happened at a house party Friday evening in the 700 block of Magnus Avenue.
7450	The first is that Hunter’s older brother, Beau, has had a successful military reservist career.
7451	The first special meeting is scheduled for March 24. Additional meetings will be held throughout the month of April.
7452	“The first thing I analyze in any DUI case is whether the police had a legitimate reason to make contact with the driver,” Upton said.
7453	The first time the South Korean factory owner watched his North Korean employees nibble on a Choco Pie, they appeared shocked.
7454	The first time was with Alexandra Burke back in 2008, a memorable win if for no other reason than it involved a duet with Beyoncé that left Alexandra completely speechless.
7455	The first two months were tough, but business is picking up.
7456	The first week kicked off with games including giant Scrabble which was won by team Italy.
7457	The first World War was one of the earliest conflicts in which we used chemistry to gas each other in our hundreds and in our thousands.
7458	The five-foot-11 Paitti scored 30 goals in more than 160 Argentine first division matches.
7459	The five goals are more than double what Spain allowed in the entire tournament four years ago.
7460	The five students will become youth ambassadors of sorts over the next year, traveling to poetry workshops and festivals around the country to speak to young writers about the craft of poetry and encourage other students to write.
7461	The flames were extinguished by 7 a.m., according to Aurora spokesman Dan Ferrelli.
7462	The floodgates have opened and you need to know how sweeping this legal precedent is.
7463	"The floodwall will perform as intended."
7464	The flow could more than double by the end of the decade.
7465	The flowers feed the ruby throated hummingbird which everyone loves.
7466	The flow of traffic to the arena was not blocked.
7467	The flu clinic will be held in Regina, although the official release did not identity a specific location.
7468	The following charges were dismissed: first-degree burglary, two charges of aggravated assault, two charges of armed robbery and a charge of obstruction.
7469	The FOMC said it continues to anticipate that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period, echoing language from the statement from its Sept. 22-23 meeting.
7470	The food: It's all about seafood, and on any given night, the chef takes care to never put more than three land-based dishes on the menu, giving a small range of alternatives for non-seafood lovers (who are clearly missing the point).
7471	The Food Safety and Inspection Service ordered a temporary closure of a Foster Farms facility in Livingston which carried out "enhanced sanitizing" Wednesday.
7472	The Force fully redressed the shortcomings of the first half in the first 30 minutes of the second.
7473	The former congresswoman delivered an opening statement to the committee, which met for the first time since the mass shooting at a Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut.
7474	The former guerrilla hailed the ruling on Twitter as a victory for the political will of Bogota's residents.
7475	The former IRA man is now the deputy first minister of Northern Ireland and a very significant figure in the Irish peace process.
7476	The former president looked back to 2002, when "barely 100,000" badly-infected people in poor African and Asian countries had grabbed the drug lifeline.
7477	The foster home accepts babies from state orphanages across China offering medical treatment.
7478	The foundation said that statements by most candidates in support of women’s rights should be considered empty promises unless they are fleshed out with specific policy content.
7479	The four-part production, which focuses on the war period before the playboy Fleming wrote the novels, is "not a straight retelling of his life," director Mat Whitecross said.
7480	The fourth would be to amend the statute in the opposite direction, by adding explicit language protecting individuals from having employers' religious beliefs imposed on them."
7481	The four worshipers killed were Avraham Shmuel Goldberg, 58; Aryeh Kupinsky, 43; Moshe Twersky, 59; and Kalman Levine, 55. Goldberg was a dual British-Israeli citizen, and the other three were U.S.-Israeli citizens.
7482	"The fractures had more water going through, and the conditions were mild," Arvidson told NBC News.
7483	The French city of Marseille is named the world's fifth least friendly by readers of Conde Nast Traveler.
7484	The French president's diplomats publicly dismiss the NHS as "ailing" and boast how many more hospital beds there are in France.
7485	The frenzy started last Friday with hundreds of people searching for hundreds of dollars hidden across the Bay Area by an anonymous man who calls himself "Mr.
7486	The fruit is scattered across ground freshly opened and imprinted with the tracks of a bulldozer.
7487	The FTC has found that many data firms operate "behind the scenes," buying and selling massive amounts of data, typically without our knowledge.
7488	Theft/embezzlement on Denmark, McCarran at 11:39 a.m. Report taken.
7489	The FWS has now reopened its public comment period on the proposal, which it hopes to make a decision on by the end of the year.
7490	The gain in signed contracts partly reflects the decline in mortgage rates and the economic rebound from the brutal winter.
7491	The game has really stood the test of time; I still haven't tired of it. 5. Pop My Culture.
7492	"The garden just became a burden and not a joy," as he aged, he said.
7493	The Garfield teacher who is transferred may not be able to teach his or her subject at the new school.
7494	The Garner video — along with a medical examiner's finding that the chokehold contributed to his death on the streets of Staten Island — should give a grand jury ample reason to indict, said Garner's mother, Gwen Carr.
7495	The gene in question is called BHLHE41 and the variant is called p.Tyr362His for identification purposes, and individuals with the variant slept just five hours per night on average.
7496	The general manager called him “exactly what we were looking for” — a physical, tough, smart left guard.
7497	"The Geneva II negotiation table is a one-way road aimed at achieving all the demands of the revolution..
7498	The Genre Award went to "Haider", a 2014 Hindi drama directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, who completes his Shakespearean trilogy with this flick, a modern-day adaptation of Hamlet, set against the Kashmir conflicts of 1995.
7499	The German and Dutch outbreaks are of the H5N8 strain, which is highly contagious in birds.
7500	The German government ought to be warning its friend against adopting an excessively hubristic foreign policy.
7501	The German says the Jamaica Football Federation (JFF) has to invest in training camps and matches.
7502	The Germans in my neighborhood probably ate more potatoes than we did, but let them tell their own story.
7503	The girls were taken by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
7504	The girl was reportedly riding on the hood of the car before being hit.
7505	The girl was shot at a home on 693 Canal Street Wednesday.
7506	The global powers and Iran agreed to give themselves until June 30 to strike a deal, although they hope to have the broad outlines hammered out by March.
7507	The Global Times said the ``tide will turn against the oppositionists'' if Beijing stands firm.
7508	The goal for Bradley was his second in MLS and first with TFC (3-1-0) in his fourth game after a distinguished European career.
7509	The goal isn’t to change you or rewire your brain, as that’s most likely impossible, but to change how you approach and interact with people.
7510	The goal of the mission is to orbit 67P at a distance of about 100 kilometers (60 miles) and observe the comet as it hurtles toward the sun.
7511	The Gobles' house is at left.
7512	The Google Inc.-owned video site said in a statement Tuesday that it is "adding subscription-based features for music on YouTube" and that "hundreds of major label and independent artists" have signed on.
7513	The GOP also has made 12-term Democratic Rep. Tim Bishop a top target in eastern Long Island.
7514	The government also recently tried to have UNESCO revoke World Heritage status for parts of the Tasmanian wilderness to allow more access to loggers, a move that was rejected.
7515	The government appears keen to retake opposition areas of Syria's major cities ahead of presidential elections in June.
7516	The government contends that American Express's rules prevent price competition among credit card companies.
7517	The government delegation says that's a nonstarter and has insisted that the talks focus first on ending the violence.
7518	The government had also made a vague offer for dialogue with the protesters, and the vote would have gauged support for ensuring it covered reforming Hong Kong's legislature.
7519	The government had pushed for the ceasefire talks to be wrapped up by August and has maintained for months that the deal is nearly done.
7520	The government hoped that a large turnout among Egypt's 53 million registered voters would bolster its democratic credentials and further marginalise the Islamists.
7521	The government is now turning to the private sector because the Kruger has become the main poaching ground for the animals.
7522	The government needs to step aside and stop wasting our money.
7523	The government of about 30 ministers is led by Prime Minister Ibrahim Mahlab.
7524	The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is pushing to restart some of Japan's 50 nuclear reactors, which are offline following meltdowns at the tsunami-swamped Fukushima Dai-ichi plant in 2011, and would start producing more waste if switched back on.
7525	The government said national parks and other important sites will be protected unless there are "exceptional circumstances."
7526	The Grade 12 student says holding a cultural event like this one isn't easy.
7527	The gradually part for the Cubs began decades ago.
7528	The Grammys are trying to play catch-up.
7529	The grant from Zuckerberg and Chan will be used in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, where Ebola has killed more than 4,500 people and where estimates show that about twice that number are infected.
7530	The graphic novel is a tongue-in-cheek romance/love story between the music icons.
7531	The grassroots activist has led the rescue of tens of thousands of child slaves and developed a successful model for their education and rehabilitation.
7532	The Green Badge of Honor It almost goes without saying, but green continues to be in, despite the latest slide in gas prices.
7533	The group also features bottom-place Campion College hosting third-place Waterford.
7534	The group and its spinoffs are popular not only in Japan, but also other Asian nations and the Japanese government has often appointed them as ambassadors for what it calls "cool Japan" culture.
7535	The group, based in Sinai, has claimed responsibility for previous attacks, but until now they have targeted primarily police and the military.
7536	The group, Europe's most indebted utility, gradually has been shifting attention away from Italy and Spain to emerging markets with abundant resources and good growth prospects.
7537	The group has demanded a ransom of over $5 million (over 3.9 million euro) and an end to German anti-IS support.
7538	The group has killed thousands since 2009 in its push to create an Islamic state in religiously mixed Nigeria.
7539	The group has recently stepped up attacks in the region, and its leader released a video last month threatening to kidnap girls from schools.
7540	The group is a network of large cities from around the world committed to taking measures locally that reduce climate-warming greenhouse gases and global climate risks.
7541	The group met rock ‘n’ roll pioneer and South Sider Bo Diddley, composer of “I’m a Man” and “Who Do You Love?”
7542	The group's second political leader is Mousa Abu Marzouk.
7543	The group were driven to a hotel in Donetsk where they were greeted by OSCE officials Negotiations for the release of the other group, who were taken on 29 May in Luhansk, had intensified in recent days.
7544	The growth also of a huge new migrant population moving into cities to work in factories and service industries.
7545	The Guardian claims that Home Office officials are being rewarded with shopping vouchers if they can help ensure failed asylum seekers lose their court appeals to stay in the country.
7546	The Guizhentang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, which makes medicine using bile extracted from live bears, opened one of its bear farms to the media on Wednesday, to quell growing criticism.
7547	The gunman, Michael Dunn, was tried for the death of Jordan and the attempted murder of his friends.
7548	The gunmen claimed to have recovered both flight recorders from the aircraft.
7549	The guys showed they were willing to run, but there was more team spirit today.
7550	The H5N1 strain can be fatal to humans.
7551	The hackers are accused of stealing trade secrets and economic espionage.
7552	The Halifax says the average UK home now costs £209,428, although data from other lenders and official sources differ.
7553	The Hamas military wing said on its website that it is "not aware until this moment of a missing soldier or his whereabouts or the circumstances of his disappearance."
7554	The Hamilton Regional Laboratory Medicine Program has identified 139 cases of EV-D68 in the Hamilton area over the past five weeks and says it is starting to see fewer cases.
7555	The "Happy" hitmaker has been among the most high-profile recording artists to weigh in on the death of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson and the racially charged aftermath, in a recently published Ebony magazine interview and elsewhere.
7556	The Harbour scored very well and the Main Street was nicely presented with wide paving and brightly painted shops.
7557	The hardest jobs to fill are those that employ workers who have graduated from high school but don't have a four-year college degree.
7558	The hard facts are that cinema-going is now at a fraction of its peak in the 1950s and it has a new, fast-growing rival in you and me wanting to watch films when and where we choose; and that means having our videos available when and where we demand.
7559	"The hard part is making the decision to do it.
7560	The hard work of winning a state title goes far beyond what happens in tournament play.
7561	The Harris County district attorney's office in Houston calls the shooting simulator — which experts believe is only being used in Texas — an educational tool that helps grand jurors better understand what someone sees when confronted by a threat.
7562	The head reconstruction of Ikrandraco avatar is shown in this illustration courtesy of Chuang Zhao.
7563	The health ministry said the cases were believed to have been contracted by visitors to Tokyo's popular Yoyogi Park.
7564	The Heat defeated the Celtics in five games in the second round, but that was a monkey they needed to get off their backs, something they have none of now.
7565	The Heat had a 44-34 scoring edge in the paint in Game 2, and they even led in rebounding 38-37.
7566	The helicopter was called off due to low visibility.
7567	The helmets are also GPS-enabled, meaning that cyclists can contribute to a heat map that paints a multi-colored picture of the level of terror felt at various points around the city.
7568	The high energy launch party took place in The Count Basie Square in the Port Lucaya Marketplace.
7569	The high envenomation rate may stem from the large size of both the animal and its fangs, Bush said.
7570	The highly produced video, titled "The Lions of War Training Camp," is being used primarily as a recruiting tool, reports Evan Kohlmann, a terrorism consultant with Flashpoint Partners and an NBC counterterrorism analyst.
7571	The hiker called police and waited in the area until they arrived.
7572	The historic carriage house at Hazel Dell Farm is undergoing restoration.
7573	The Holcombs are allowing the General Land Office to digitize their map collection, providing access for the first time to more than 70 important historic maps of Texas, the United States and the Western Hemisphere.
7574	The horses that visited Carrick Vale last Monday.
7575	The hostility toward de Blasio continued Monday when some newly minted officers booed and heckled him at a police academy graduation ceremony.
7576	The hot spring isn't hard to find.
7577	The House of Lords will debate the bill Friday.
7578	The House of Representatives votes Tuesday on a bill already passed by the Senate, and lawmakers and aides expect easy passage.
7579	The House passed its bill from its VA committee chairman Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., unanimously.
7580	The Houthis have sought to replicate the strategy of Iran's Lebanese ally, Hezbollah, using popular support among Zaydis combined with a muscular military presence to dominate politics.
7581	The huge sales response made Still’s jersey the most popular this season, but more importantly, the most popular smile has been seen from Leah Still.
7582	The hurdles that innovators and entrepreneurs face in bringing new technologies to market should not include precautionary regulations that stifle technological development, especially as it relates to autonomous vehicles.
7583	The Huskies finished first in 5 minutes, 37.8 seconds, while Brown came in at 5:43.9.
7584	"The Icebergs" is huge, powerful and cools the Dallas Museum of Art even on the steamiest days.
7585	The ICF brokered the deal.
7586	The idea for Driptech had its origins in Ethiopia, where Frykman traveled with a team in 2008 as part of the Extreme Affordability program at Stanford, in which students tackle real-world problems.
7587	The idea is to help different people to relate to different symbolisms.
7588	The idea is unpopular in Germany, the biggest eurozone member.
7589	The ignition problem was detected at the pre-production stage as early as 2001, but the company waited until February this year to begin recalling the affected vehicles.
7590	The ill-fated Wii U continues to struggle.
7591	"The improvements and successes she scored in these areas by her strident advocacy achieved better working and social conditions across her beloved Jamaica."
7592	The incident happened at about 3:20 a.m. as Harrison drove his F-350 Ford pickup truck through Wynnefield Heights hear his hometown of Philadelphia, the Philadelphia Daily News reported.
7593	The incident is one of the most notorious of the Cold War, which saw communist Russia and the United States face each other across a divided Europe in a state of deep mutual suspicion.
7594	The incident was captured in a video widely viewed on the Internet.
7595	The increased demand is also reflected in a less severe rise in prices for natural gas futures.
7596	The increase, more than double the amount approved for the current budget year, allows local school boards to decide how to use it for teacher salaries, professional development, technology investment and other needs.
7597	The index employs measures of home prices, employment and building permits compared to pre-boom years of 2000 through 2003.
7598	The indictments were finalized Tuesday, September 16, 2014, and all bear the signature of the grand jury foreman and Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Roger Williams.
7599	The individual said that though Donald Sterling was not involved in the negotiations, “at the end of the day, he has to sign off on the final process.
7600	The Indus and Zanskar rivers come together in Leh, India, a mountainous region known for its breathtaking views of the Himalayan mountain range.
7601	The industry is also wary of NSA insistence that the records would need to be standardized and probably held for longer periods than most firms now keep them.
7602	The info has yet to be sold to other criminals; stolen online info is often traded like currency.
7603	The information flow to Putin about world events seems very poor.
7604	The initiative believes that by joining the Union Armenia will lose its political and economic sovereignty and will suffer from the consequences of the sanctions applied by the world community against Russia.
7605	"The injury has not responded as we had hoped," Wilson added.
7606	The injury to the 60 million-euro (£50.4m, $82.5m) striker also stole the headlines from tiny Corsican club L'Ile-Rousse, of the fifth division, who stunned the holders Bordeaux.
7607	The innovation results of large companies are not tracked in the same way, but we are familiar with billions of dollars of return from just the several dozen we've researched.
7608	The inspector general, John Roth, said his office could find no legal authorization for using Secret Service agents "to protect an employee involved in an unrelated private dispute."
7609	The instruments are the backbone of Japan's seafloor-monitoring programs, but aren't widely used in the Northwest.
7610	The insurgents have since become more cautious, periodically probing the airport's defenses and firing artillery at Ukrainian positions.
7611	The Interior Department said it is working to resolve cases with other tribes without going to trial.
7612	The International Diabetes Federation predicts that over 70% of type-2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed with the adoption of healthier lifestyles.
7613	The investigation determined that one first responder first thought Ye was a doll after noticing her in front of the plane's left wing amid a debris cloud.
7614	The investigation stems from a Nov. 6 driving complaint in Ladner that resulted in police making a traffic stop.
7615	The investor group fundamentally believes that Nexgrid is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the underlying growth in the smart grid and advanced metering technology market.
7616	The IOA agreed in December to keep the accused officials out of the February election, but rejected a request from India's sports ministry to hold the elections before the Sochi games started.
7617	The Ipsos poll gave the left-leaning Feminist Initiative party 4.0 percent, exactly reaching the threshold needed to win seats in parliament for the first time.
7618	Their 2012 album, "How Not to Lose Things," featured guest vocals from Michelle Dockery, who plays McGovern's eldest daughter, Lady Mary Crawley, on "Downton Abbey."
7619	Their 685,000 copies sole mean no single UK artists sold more than one million copies, a first for more than 20 years.
7620	Their allegations will not hold once they see these records,” he said.
7621	"The Iranian comments were an unacceptable interference in Egypt's internal affairs," said Egypt's foreign ministry spokesman Badr Abdelatty.
7622	The IRA were mean and spiteful in their hatred of their enemies, but even more spiteful in their targetting of their enemy's innocent families.
7623	Their featured meats may appear pretty standard with ribs, chicken and brisket – this is Texas after all – but what really sets them apart stylistically is the unlimited side dish bar.
7624	Their goal at the end of the first half hurt us and we lost confidence.
7625	Their knowledge will be limited by the fact they were only able to attend high school.
7626	Their lives are vastly different from factory farm turkeys.
7627	Their luck could change, though, when the Golden Globes nominations are announced Thursday.
7628	Their main concern is that, on his way to the abyss, Putin does not press the nuclear button, Vitali Portnikov says.
7629	Their motto is to be positive and empowering role models for teens.
7630	Their names were not released.
7631	Their naval technology opened up new trade routes and helped establish cities.
7632	The irony is not lost on me that tobacco provided the means to a better life for our family.
7633	Their propaganda is especially successful in the regions along the border with Syria, where the tense security situation has made the people prone to taking matters into their own hands or leaving them to armed groups like ISIL.
7634	Their races have not been disclosed.
7635	Their retreating glaciers have become a barometer of climate change.
7636	Their self-esteem falls to pieces.
7637	Their son Kevin Fan, 30, stayed in Rotterdam - he lost both his parents, along with his grandmother Tan Siew Poh, 85, who was also on the flight.
7638	Their story made a splash in the Spanish-language newspaper La Opinión, which said the Kirkland woman is part of “a newly emerging class of victims of the broken immigration system: Anglos impacted by the deportation of their partners.”
7639	Their version included provisions for legal guardians to protect child victims of trafficking and a clause to prevent the criminalization of child and adult victims of trafficking forced to commit crimes.
7640	The Islamic Republic denies Western allegations that its declared programme to enrich fuel for civilian nuclear energy is a front for pursuing the capability to produce atomic weapons.
7641	The Islamic State group gained international attention in August, when its fighters and allied militant groups swept through the Iraqi city of Mosul and overran territory north and west of Baghdad.
7642	The Islamic State, which is considered more extreme than al- Qaeda, sees Iraq's majority Shi'ites and minorities such as Christians and Yazidis as infidels.
7643	The Islanders were starting a five-game homestand before and after the Olympic break.
7644	The IS leader was said to have been caught in a US-led air strike near the Iraqi city of Mosul last week.
7645	The Israeli army, after identifying Shejaiya as a Hamas stronghold and a center of resistance, sent in tanks and combat units.
7646	The Israeli government accuses Hamas, which controls Gaza, of their murder.
7647	The Israeli military said two other people were wounded in Sunday's incident.
7648	The issue in play here has broader implications for free speech amid the explosion of popular and often anonymous social media.
7649	The issue is that Grigorenko is into the second year of his rookie three-year contract.
7650	The Italian economy is only just beginning to show signs of rebounding after several years of stagnation.
7651	The Japanese electronics maker also logged a 15 percent rise in operating profit for the July-September quarter to 94.7 billion yen.
7652	The JLENS is a key contributor to joint air and cruise missile defense capability objectives.
7653	The Jonas Brothers may still be family, but the trio could no longer take being bandmates.
7654	The judge said he weighed both the seriousness of Carrell's crime and his lack of criminal history before he reduced the bail to $250,000 in each case.
7655	The judge said two members of Said Mohamed's group had already joined Islamic State.
7656	The judge will continue his instructions Friday before the jury is sequestered.
7657	The jury Friday decided that Kathryn McDonough, the star witness in Seth Mazzaglia's murder trial, was telling the truth, convicting Mazzaglia of first- and second-degree murder in the death of 19-year-old Elizabeth "Lizzi" Marriott in October 2012.
7658	The justices said in a 6-3 decision that Paula Petrella, daughter of the late screenwriter Frank Petrella, did not wait too long to file her lawsuit against Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer claiming an interest in the film.
7659	The JV team started the day with a 21-0 win and then the freshman team followed it with a 35-8 victory.
7660	The kayakers showed holes in their boats to the fishermen, who hauled them into their vessel to safety.
7661	The keyboard feature presumably will make sending messages quicker by guessing what you're writing before you finish writing it, letting you tap and move on to the next word.
7662	The key concept is to be respectful and thoughtful of others," said Jay Bolden, spokesman for NASA at the Johnson Space Center in Houston.
7663	The key is to start with good quality olives from that olive bar at the grocers.
7664	The kids today, they have never known an existence without digital devices.”
7665	The kids were asked to quiet down (the tone of voice by the homeowner has NO relevancy) and just because they didn't like that, you think it's ok for them to cause property damage and assault?
7666	The kingdom's top cleric has warned against the mixing of the genders, saying it poses a threat to female chastity and society.
7667	The lack of supply means that the first trade in Japanese bonds some days doesn't occur until the afternoon, which is stunning considering that Japan's government debt market is the second-largest in the world.
7668	The Lac-Megantic disaster, which killed 47 people, launched an international debate over safety concerns and regulations linked to North America’s booming oil-by-rail industry.
7669	The L.A. County Sheriff's Department is saying that Odoikyene was targeted and there is no indication that it is a random killing, NBC 4 reports.
7670	The Lakers and the 40-year-old Nash announced their joint decision less than a week before the start of the regular season.
7671	The landowner Peter Warkentin has put up no trespassing signs on his 12-acre lot.
7672	The language of "zones," "credits," and "incentives" defines the president's already-assumed power, and he's not going much beyond that.
7673	The Lantern cancelled all daytime and evening programs scheduled for today.
7674	The largest gap in equitable treatment lies in corporate sponsorship.
7675	The last meeting proved pivotal, with Clough sacked by Derby just two days after a 1-0 defeat by Forest in September.
7676	The last movie to do so was Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ" in 2004, according to box-office tracker Rentrak.
7677	The last time I commuted to work in the city — July 2010 — the price-per-litre was $1.10.
7678	The latest "Living Planet" study analyzed data from about 10,000 populations of 3,038 vertebrate species from a database maintained by the Zoological Society of London.
7679	The latest round of UN-led peace talks began in February 2014 after Anastasiades and Eroglu agreed on a joint statement.
7680	The latter, he says, is "the outgrowth of our work with experts" who specialize in early childhood education and believe that social skills are as important as the "1,2,3,4,5 things" when it comes to learning.
7681	TheLaughingConquistador 5pts @Doxie But if their intent is to "profit" off the public land you pay for and don't "profit" from..
7682	The lawsuit, filed in 2013, alleged that Facebook scanned the content of private messages sent between users for links to websites and would then count any links in a tally of "likes" of the pages.
7683	The LCB will issue 11 “at large” permits to businesses that find a qualifying King County location outside the more populous cities that have been allotted a specific number of pot-business permits.
7684	The leader said he welcomes Poroshenko's position that the bloodshed in eastern Ukraine needs to be stopped.
7685	The lean cephalopod gets some much-needed fat from the pork sausage and both are helped by the pickled habanero, red onion and a DIY squirt of Mexican hot sauce.
7686	The lease on the house, like the marriage contract, is good for 999 years, with an option toterminate either the lease or the marriage on a monthly basis.
7687	The length of the sentence, Baugh's comments and the age disparity between defendant and victim drew criticism and a firestorm of media attention.
7688	The lesson here?
7689	"The Lib Dems have behaved so ineptly I expect many of their professional women supporters won't touch them with a barge-pole next May," writes Rachel Johnson, in the Mail on Sunday.
7690	The lifting of the emergency degree should also have a positive impact on the conference and incentive travel business, which brings a lot of high end travelers to Thailand, he said.
7691	The light then passed through special lenses and into a grating that makes many copies of the beam.
7692	The lira hit an all-time low of 2.33 against the dollar on Friday — from around 2 per dollar in December — despite a $3 billion-intervention by the central bank in foreign exchange markets.
7693	The listeria project began as officials were investigating some sick Maryland newborns and their mothers.
7694	"The little church in Dyess, Arkansas, has been such an inspiration to me, and (so have) the people from Dyess," Cash said at the 40th reunion of Dyess High School in 1990, in a video exhibited at the Dyess Colony Museum.
7695	The live auction takes place in Toronto on Nov. 27. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines.
7696	The lives shattered by bullets April 12, 2013 -- Updated 0003 GMT (0803 HKT) As Congress grapples with major gun control legislation proposals, families write about the people they loved and lost to gun violence and how it changed their lives.
7697	The Local Coordination Committees said the strikes killed at least 70 people.
7698	The lone survivor, Phillip Sanchez, 66, of Bodega Bay, told rescuers that they were returning in the privately owned 32-foot boat on the opening day of crabbing season.
7699	The Los Angeles County coroner ruled the death a homicide, Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said.
7700	The lottery corporation chose to pay the woman her displayed winnings and recover the money from Konami, the gambling company that built the slot machine.
7701	The main cause: the much-below-normal snowpack for the 2013/2014 winter and spring, the National Weather Service in Portland said Friday.
7702	The main difference?
7703	The main parties at Westminster have pledged that the legislation will be taken forward regardless of the outcome of the general election in May.
7704	"The main task is to quickly form a pro-European coalition for carrying out agreements with the EU," Yatseniuk said at a meeting with election observers.
7705	The major railroads appear committed to making one-person crews a reality.
7706	The male driver, who was the only person in the car, died at the scene after emergency officials got there at 3:43 p.m. "The vehicle was inbound towards Halifax on the Bay Road," said Staff Sgt. Amy Matchett.
7707	The man and the children were pronounced dead at hospitals shortly after they were pulled from the fire, and the woman died at about 1:30 p.m., all possibly from smoke inhalation, Moore said.
7708	The man had no identification and Detectives and Criminalists were later able to identify him as William "Cougar" Burleigh.
7709	The man, maybe, doesn't have a clue.
7710	The man was arrested on suspicion of the same offence in Newham today.
7711	The man with the knife approached me.
7712	The margins were helped by lower manufacturing costs.
7713	“The marines found them coming across the border..
7714	"The market is going to gravitate towards that new Solvaldi combination," he said.
7715	The market is on the outskirts of Islamabad, near a makeshift camp for people displaced from fighting in Pakistan’s northwest, as well as refugees from Afghanistan.
7716	"The market is very thin and highly reactive to overseas inputs," Yutaka Miura, senior technical analyst at Mizuho Securities, told Dow Jones Newswires.
7717	The market stumbled from the get-go, with U.S. markets opening lower after declines in European and Japanese indexes.
7718	The match was halted and the crowd were asked to stop the abusive chanting before the action resumed.
7719	The matter isn't completely dead, however.
7720	The maximum penalty for a petty misdemeanor criminal property damage conviction is up to 30 days in jail and a $1,000 fine.
7721	The May 5 issue of People may not be the best example.
7722	The mayoral candidate said if she's elected, she will establish an 'Aboriginal Vision and Implementation Roundtable' within 100 days.
7723	” The mayor loved the idea.
7724	The McEliece-based NTS encryption scrambles the message contents on the device, using the recipient's public key, which is available from the PQChat server.
7725	The Medal of Honor: What is it?
7726	The median income was $54,045 in July, about 4.6 percent lower than when the recession began in late 2007.
7727	The medical examiner's office said factors such as "hypertensive and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease" and obesity contributed to Singleton's death, according to Bolcer.
7728	The men relieved her of her vehicle, cash and cell phone.
7729	The men were part of a Facebook group called the Class of DDS 2015 Gentlemen.
7730	The merge was initially announced in March.
7731	The message apparently took hold, as nearly 28,000 rode the rails from nearby Secaucus Junction.
7732	"The message is very clear: 'We know who you are, we know what you're doing.
7733	The message published in News Corp Australia papers is topped with “Thank You From The Hughes Family,” and a photograph of Phillip Hughes.
7734	The mid-size, long-range jet is set to go head-to-head with Boeing's 787 Dreamliner and will be made of 53% composite materials.
7735	The mild improvement in the services sector, which mirrors a marginal gain in the official PMI survey of Chinese factories in April, should be welcomed by investors fretting about the health of the world's second-largest economy.
7736	The military’s Central Command confirmed Tuesday that coalition aircraft had carried out five airstrikes against Islamic State positions in the Kobani area in the past two days, destroying or damaging armed vehicles, artillery, a tank and troop positions.
7737	The military takes over, dissolving parliament and suspending the constitution after the uprising leaves hundreds of protesters dead in clashes with security forces.
7738	The military will now be allowed to fight the Taliban if the militants "directly threaten the United States and coalition forces" or provide "direct support to al-Qaeda", an unnamed official told US media.
7739	The mine, owned by SOMA Komur Isletmeleri A.S., underwent regular inspections in the past three years, two of them this March, Turkey's government said.
7740	The ministries of defense and interior have also declined a CNN request for the number of casualties.
7741	The ministry did not provide details about the conversation.
7742	The Minnesota report, which a spokesman said came after citizen complaints and has been forwarded to other state attorneys general, called into question the business model Savers has used to build a 330-store international chain.
7743	The modular system is open source, and released under a creative commons license.
7744	The Mohawk Council of Kahnawake is being sued in Quebec Superior Court by seven people who want to abolish a rule forbidding mixed native and non-native couples from living in the community.
7745	The monitor recently reported heartening signs of improvement.
7746	The moon reaches it's full phase @ 9:38p ET.
7747	The more that we can provide and say, the day after Valentine's Day is a real, real slippery slope for when people have affairs, so maybe the day before, you want to step up and play differently.
7748	"The more they commit themselves before September 18, the more it will be difficult for them to row back," Curtice said.
7749	The Morning Glory arrived in the Libyan capital on Sunday after U.S. special forces stormed the tanker and handed it over to Libya's nascent navy.
7750	The Morning Memo jump starts your day with weather, traffic and news Browse listings, reviews and articles to plan your next date night. 6 tips for a stress-free interview day Dig into local Gardening The door is closed, but it's not locked.
7751	The "most accurate" CIA intelligence that led to bin Laden's capture came from Hassan Ghul, who was captured in Iraq in 2004.
7752	The most Catholic countries were Mexico, with 81 percent Catholics and 9 percent Protestants, and Paraguay, with 89 percent Catholics and 7 percent Protestants.
7753	The most dramatic episode of Russia's excursion so far saw crack forces on Saturday break into the Belbek airbase near the main city of Simferopol after an armoured personnel carrier blasted through the main gate.
7754	The mostly Arab protesters called for an end to the Israeli operation to locate the teens and crackdown on Hamas in the West Bank.
7755	The most recent elected government — led by his sister, Yingluck Shinawatra — began to crumble late last year after it tried to push through an amnesty bill that would have allowed Thaksin to return home.
7756	The most significant transformation occurred in the south aisle, once home to the card catalog.
7757	The most surprising finding was that practically every respondent knew about the West Africa outbreak (98 percent) and the case of Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan, who died of the disease in Dallas (97 percent).
7758	The motorcyclist is expected to be OK, police said, but suffered cuts to his face.
7759	The move by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism marks the first criminal case brought against a railway operator for violation of the Railway Business Act, under which offenders face a fine of up to 1 million yen.
7760	The move comes as the second round of peace talks between the Syrian government and the opposition began in Geneva.
7761	The move follows years of pressure from gay rights groups for Obama to act on his own while a broader employment non-discrimination measure languishes on Capitol Hill.
7762	The move is a proactive step enabling Israel to halt the transfer of funds to any local groups affiliated with Islamic State and take legal action against its members or operatives.
7763	The move leaves Beijing and Almaty, Kazakhstan, as the only two remaining candidates.
7764	The move Thursday, confirmed by California almond growers, followed Russia’s imposition of a one-year ban on a wide range of agriculture products, raw materials and food coming from the United States, the European Union, Canada, Norway and Australia.
7765	The move, which appears to be specifically aimed at Uber, requires only that would-be customers inform local officials of the alleged violation, and depending on the severity, the city government will give a cash reward.
7766	The MP's comments came as a prominent Asian businesswoman has said a "shame culture" within families and communities means many sexual abuse victims often suffer in silence.
7767	The MRAP has been used once since it was obtained in 2013, he said, during the arrest of a barricaded suspect.
7768	"The murder of a person is the murder of a person.
7769	The music world has moved on from the days when Tom Petty and his Heartbreakers were among its leaders.
7770	The Mustangs scored 11 straight points in the second half to take a 59-41 lead.
7771	The mutually agreed merger is a triumph for Comcast over its rival Charter Communications, the nation's fourth largest cable operator, and Liberty Media Corp, its biggest shareholder.
7772	The MyRA will be available to households earning up to $191,000 a year.
7773	Then again, he'll never win a major.
7774	The names will also be shown on a website, mobile devices and public displays in some countries.
7775	Then a robotics PhD student at Memorial University in Newfoundland, Canada, he used artificial intelligence to interpret the vast data streaming from the robots' sensors, which measured the distance of objects in every direction a thousand times a second.
7776	The Nasdaq composite rose 27 points, or 0.7 percent, to 4,210.
7777	Then, at 5:30 p.m. two cars crashed in Cumberland in the northbound lanes.
7778	The National Counter-Corruption Commission said in a statement that it was calling Yingluck to appear February 27 to face charges that she failed to act on warnings of corruption in the program that her government introduced in 2011.
7779	The National Retail Federation predicts that sales for the last two months of the year will hit $616.9 billion, an increase of 4.1 percent over the same period of 2013.
7780	The nation's second-biggest oil company earned $2.57 per share, a penny less than analysts polled by FactSet had expected.
7781	The Nazi modes of hatred and destruction are already sketched out in “Mein Kampf,” Hartmann says, and the Institute’s annotations peer into the future—an eerie necessity that does not usually come up in a historical study.
7782	The NBA Finals are currently broadcast only on Disney's ABC network, but Turner is pushing to get a piece of the coverage, the report said.
7783	The NBC Sports Network began its buildup with "California Chrome: The Unlikely Champion," a documentary narrated by Bob Costas that premiered Wednesday and is being repeated five times.
7784	Then came the "Prayer at Jordan-Hare," when Ricardo Louis hauled in the tipped Hail Mary bomb on fourth-and-halfway-to-Mobile for the go-ahead touchdown.
7785	The Netherlands federation president says it was not a personal attack.
7786	The network's cameras were also well-positioned to catch the tears and smiles as Gisin called her grandparents from the mountain to tell them of her victory.
7787	"The new Arab decision reaffirms the previous decision..
7788	The new brainlike tissue is one step toward creating a functioning brain in a petri dish — something that is still a ways off, scientists say.
7789	The new brand "Lyconet" encompasses all of the company's network marketing activities.
7790	The new constitution, at least on paper, guarantees political rights more strongly than under Mubarak.
7791	"The New Democrats, and the Liberals, among a wide swath of the population, are going to be competing for who is the most credible alternative to Stephen Harper, and who can beat them," said Brad Lavigne, Layton's former principal secretary.
7792	The new detail came after "further refinement'' of satellite data and as investigators attempted to map the position of the jet during a failed attempt to contact it earlier in its flight path, Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said.
7793	The new documentary Alive Inside (which won the 2014 Audience Award at Sundance) attempts to answer some of those difficult questions.
7794	The new EU foreign minister, who will officially be called the high representative for foreign policy, will also have a diplomatic corps with 3,500 officials.
7795	The new facility is expected to be the focal point for moving products through Halifax for decades to come.
7796	The New Hampshire winner traditionally receives a live lobster in victory lane.
7797	The new Heroku External Objects for Salesforce allows companies to sync data between their Heroku customer apps and their Force.com employee apps.
7798	The new look-and-feel greatly improves usability, facilitates learning and makes using QueueMetrics daily a more pleasant experience.
7799	The new one is desktoppable and one-hand carryable.
7800	“The new proposal from Google after long and difficult talks can now address the commission’s concerns,” Almunia said.
7801	The new route to the stadium, know as the Millennium Walkway, has been designed to cope with large numbers of people for busy events such as Wales rugby internationals.
7802	The news comes in the same week as new poll numbers showing that FitzGerald has gained little ground against Kasich.
7803	The news from Tuesday wasn't all good for the Lightning, however.
7804	The news of the Kings using Google Glass isn’t surprising.
7805	The newspaper reported that during a visit to a Durban township in his home province of KwaZulu-Natal on Tuesday, Zuma had said in Zulu "Angakayakhi indlu yokugugela… laba ngisabathathile nje" (I do have wives but I'm yet to marry my last one).
7806	The new threat, he said, was wind -- gusts up to 65 mph, with the potential to uproot trees from the soggy ground and knock out power needed to operate homeowners' basement sump pumps.
7807	The new version of Google Play Newsstand will be rolling out on Android over the next week. iOS users will probably have to wait a long while..
7808	The new version of VSCO Cam for Android also offers interface improvements and performance enhancements.
7809	The New York march drew a mostly young, ethnically diverse crowd that was loud and peaceful as it headed north up Manhattan's Fifth Avenue from Washington Square Park.
7810	The New York Times reports that Daniel Kochanski, a stenographer with the State Supreme Court in Manhattan, was accused of compromising the integrity of more than 30 court transcripts, which could have serious consequences, such as overturned convictions.
7811	The New York Times said six recommendations Walsh presented in his paper were taken almost verbatim from a Carnegie Endowment for International Peace document, which he did not cite.
7812	The New York Tims said his reporting of Katrina was “a defining moment,” and Vanity Fair later called his work “Murrow-worthy” and reported that during the crisis he became “a nation’s anchor.”
7813	“The next day in practice, I thanked both of them for screwing up,” Andrejko joked.
7814	The next month, a fellow member of the drug ring, who became a cooperating witness, told agents Friesen-Remple delivered the 1,575 pounds (714 kilograms) of pot that agents found during a search of his home, according to court records.
7815	The next thing he knew he was in the air.
7816	The NFL claims the Pepsi Super Bowl halftime show "is the most-watched musical event of the year.
7817	The NGO found that 93 percent of those talks were held with groups representing industry.
7818	Then he moved his grandmother into a lot and they began to add more, which led Cecil to talk his father, Cecil Sr., into developing the land as a mobile home park.
7819	Then he started taking little steps.
7820	Then, he would commit suicide.
7821	The NHL’s defending champions were in serious danger of not making a return trip to the Stanley Cup Final, a failure by any measure.
7822	Then I had to make the call back home – I heard Dad kind of groan a bit.
7823	The Nikkei ended flat at 14,300.12 after trading back and forth into positive and negative territory.
7824	Then I was just shocked like everyone else.
7825	Then, Jahnz realized that the guardrail pole went through the front of her truck, through her buttocks and into the back of her seat.
7826	Then Matt Kenseth appeared to jump on Keselow­ski from behind between two haulers and people had to pull back Kenseth.
7827	The North has denied involvement in a crippling cyberattack on Sony Pictures, but has expressed fury over the comedy, which depicts the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
7828	The November 1989 Velvet Revolution saw Havel, a dissident playwright, installed as the country's first post-war non-communist president a month later.
7829	Then-Princess Elizabeth holds son Prince Charles after his christening at Buckingham Palace in December 1948.
7830	"Then, reintroduce one food at a time so that there's no confusion as to which food caused a bad reaction.
7831	Then she went to her computer to complete the music.
7832	Then the 11-year-old boy shot his grandfather.
7833	Then the ranch put her in touch with Cyndi Peck.
7834	Then there's the inevitable friction that occurs when one party wants a one-night stand and the other a lifetime of lying amid the lilies, dreaming of eternal love.
7835	Then the rest will clean itself up.
7836	Then they are taken by robots to another section of the facility, turned upside down and dipped in a tank to be “infiltrated” with whatever proteins the researchers wish to grow.
7837	The number of patients currently hospitalized is 9 (6 in Gueckedou and 3 in Telimele); that of contacts being actively followed-up is 153 (132 in Gueckedou and 41 in Telimele).
7838	The number of people saying they are undecided is 24 per cent.
7839	The number of performances he's done at awards shows have hardly ruffled any feathers.
7840	The number of repeated proposals indicates that most of the options end up being wistfully stared at, and then saved for next year.
7841	The number of troops normally deployed in Baghdad has doubled, they said, but declined to give a figure.
7842	The nurses, mainly from the southern state of Kerala, were met by family members clutching bouquets of flowers and overjoyed that they were home barely two days after being taken against their will from a hospital in the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
7843	The Nusra Front is Al-Qaida's official affiliate in the Syrian civil war and was once one of the strongest insurgent groups fighting to topple Assad.
7844	Then we make a call — do we put the crew on the road?
7845	The Oakland hospital "refused to agree to allow us to proceed in that matter," Jahi's uncle Omari Sealey said.
7846	The Obama administration claims that it will eventually affect 14 million Americans, those who lose check this year and those who they support.
7847	"The occupation claims that Palestinian rockets hit the hospital and the park," he said.
7848	The offensive has displaced hundreds of thousands of people and sent jitters through world oil markets as the militants have advanced ever nearer Baghdad leaving the Shiite-led government in disarray.
7849	The officers said they found Balassa acting asleep in his bed.
7850	The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn't authorized to be identified by name.
7851	The oil industry applauded the review.
7852	The oil tanker managed to sail away despite a fire on board, he said.
7853	The old double jeopardy rule in play.
7854	"The old phrase used to be, especially for children, is act like a tree.
7855	The old Washington adage applies: it’s not the crime, it’s the cover up.
7856	The Olympics have really become pretty lame to me.
7857	The once-thriving St. Louis suburb was transformed from a white majority to a mostly black community in just over a decade as African Americans moved there for better schools and better lives.
7858	"The one man was bleeding and was laying across the console into the front, and the other lady was in the front seat of the car."
7859	The online poll has a margin of error of +/- three percentage points.
7860	The only downside was the sometimes derogatory comments the unfamiliar contraption elicited from passersby.
7861	The only exception to this isthat portion in the area of ‘Go slow bend’.
7862	The only "mole" we need to "whack" is Saudi Arabia.
7863	The only "money" made was bubble money which recently vanished (well not really - we the taxpayers just forked it over to Wall Street, but I digress.
7864	The only people obsessed with this is the gay rights community!
7865	“The only people who got better are the profiteers and the privateers.”
7866	"The only solution is imports, but that can't be done overnight," said R.P. Gupta, director at the National Horticultural Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF).
7867	The only thing that has improved is the president's golf handicap and his relationship with Hollywood and big donors.
7868	The only thing they know for sure is where they're going next.
7869	The only time that a Constable is a peace officer is during the course of his duties.
7870	The opening goal came from the penalty spot in controversial circumstances, after Vurnon Anita was harshly adjudged to have brought down Phil Bardsley in the area as the defender chased a pass from Johnson.
7871	The opinion is shared by Beckmann-Dierkes.
7872	The opportunity for respite is reduced, domestic support for people with disability is slashed or removed altogether and more weight is placed on the shoulders of carers.
7873	Theoretically the copyright office should have all that but because copyright ownership changes hands so often, from one publisher to another, it's very hard to keep track of it.
7874	The organization announced which cities would host the events late Friday afternoon.
7875	The organization is modeled on the U.S. New Deal in the 1930s and its goal is to boost both the economy and culture by providing aid to artists and writers, especially those with entrepreneurial aspirations.
7876	The organization's new leaders have slashed the budget and cut school construction programs, but they still had to borrow from savings to meet expenses.
7877	“The organizers had originally hoped to buy a state-of-the-art Israeli drone — for $165,000 — or a cheaper American one costing $120,000.
7878	The Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network will now give children more consideration for adult lungs.
7879	The Originals ceremony is staged every two years to honour the artists of the Saint John region.
7880	The original version of OpenStack Express was a clever idea: Host OpenStack on bare metal by way of Softlayer, offer a predictable pricing structure, and outfit it with management and ease-of-use features.
7881	The OSPCA has assigned an investigator to the case.
7882	"The other alternative is we would have no fruit, no tomatoes, no peas, no beans, most of the things that we take for granted."
7883	The other children need to be safe and we as a society owe it to them.
7884	The other defendants are accused of taking a $500 Apple gift card and other valuables during a 2009 arrest, an indictment states.
7885	The other has been transferred to Edmonton by medevac due to the severity of his injuries.
7886	The other two are putters that produced wins — except one of those putters wasn't meant to be there.
7887	The outbreak, which first emerged on the mainland in February 2013, has reignited fears that a bird flu virus could mutate to become easily transmissible between people, threatening to trigger a pandemic.
7888	The owner, meantime, told The Chronicle the claim is balderdash.
7889	The owner of the company rented a helicopter on Tuesday, but was not able to locate the machine by air.
7890	The pageant also included musical acts by the country music duo Florida Georgia Line, rapper Nelly and Latin pop band Camila.
7891	The painful stunt was orchestrated by Claus Pilgaard, a Danish chili aficionado, according to The Independent.
7892	The pandas, who were two-years-old at the time, remained in Yunnan wildlife park until Mei Qian and Qian Qian were both moved back to Sichuan but Si Jia remains in Yunnan.
7893	The paper reports that Mary Berry "saved" singer Michael Ball's hand from the blades of a food mixer.
7894	The parents appear to assume that because the river is holy, nothing will happen to their children.
7895	The parents of those individuals have been contacted by the sheriff’s department and informed of the situation.
7896	The parents opposed the teens' relationship.
7897	The park is famous for its free-roaming diurnal tigers.
7898	The Parliamentary General Elections were held on July 28, 1959, with the People's National Party's (PNP) Matthew Uriah Henry polling 7,703 votes to defeat the Jamaica Labour Party's (JLP) Ernest Segree Lewis, who polled 5,013, by 2,690 votes.
7899	The parliament that was elected in June moved to the remote eastern city of Tobruk last month as rival armed groups battled for Tripoli.
7900	The partial or total removal of external female genitalia is illegal in the UK but the practice occurs in parts of Africa, the Middle East and Asia.
7901	The partnership will see Hyundai and Kia integrate music tagging directly into their infotainment systems, letting you pull up information on a song or artist with a press of the SoundHound icon.
7902	The party now has five MLAs in the Alberta legislature: Forsyth will also continue in her previous role as the party's health and seniors critic.
7903	The party only narrowly failed to enter the national parliament and the state assembly in Hesse last year.
7904	The passengers were “allegedly behaving suspiciously,” the FBI reported later.
7905	The path to the left leads to a return to the stricter emissions regulations that were in place prior to Bush-43.
7906	The patient is at Kaiser Permanente’s South Sacramento Medical Center, and the CDC is scheduled to test samples of their blood, according to hospital representatives.
7907	The paw print of what was initially thought to be a young tiger is pictured in Montevrain, east of Paris, Thursday.
7908	The payments will go to customers who bought tickets with cash or other means besides a credit card.
7909	The peace process broke down earlier this year and there has been little sign that either side is eager to resume talks.
7910	The Pennsylvania congressman said the number of incidents have raised concern that the labs could be suffering from a culture of sloppiness and complaisance.
7911	The penultimate debate/forum was held on Brian Bowman's home court at a Chamber of Commerce lunch.
7912	"The people here are extremely friendly," says Schmidt.
7913	"The People's Bank of China will continue to increase the two-way flexibility of the renminbi exchange rate, keeping the exchange rate fundamentally stable within reasonable and balanced levels," the PBOC said in a statement on its website.
7914	The people who seemed to be taking Occupy Wall Street the most seriously were the ones that it was intended for.
7915	The percentage of delinquent student loans rose to 11.1 percent from 10.9 percent in the second quarter.
7916	"The person's privacy is only going to be breached when there's enough to suggest that the public's right to know — or need to know or be advised — would outweigh that person's right to privacy," Sturko said.
7917	The pest first appeared in Indonesia in 2010.
7918	The phasing in of the employer mandate is designed to make "the compliance process simpler and easier to navigate," said Mark J. Mazur, assistant secretary for tax policy.
7919	The phones don’t sit flat on a surface anymore and the bulge is the point of impact every time you put it down so will likely pick up a lot of bumps and scuffs.
7920	The photo is the first taken of the sun by NuSTAR and is the "most sensitive solar portrait ever taken in high-energy X-rays," according to NASA.
7921	The photons stimulate the body to heal on the cellular level.
7922	The photos can instantly be transferred along an Ethernet network thanks to a camera tether, though that option is still in the testing stages.
7923	The photo was taken from about 38,000 feet in altitude.
7924	The physical environment of many NYCHA facilities is in shocking disrepair.
7925	The piece in today's question is a tray and has what appears to be a pewter rim encasing a circular bottom that was made from either pottery or porcelain.
7926	The pie is sweet, tart and savory.
7927	The Pike County Journal-Reporter Owens is taken into custody.
7928	The Pike County Journal-Reporter Wednesday, November 26. 2014 Please login or register to read the rest of this story.
7929	The pilgrimage is a major test for the new government headed by Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi, as well as for Iraq's security forces, who have struggled to push the militants back.
7930	The pilgrimage passed off without any cases of Ebola or Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) after Saudi authorities engaged thousands of health workers to make sure pilgrims were protected from two deadly viruses, the acting health minister said.
7931	The Pima County Sheriff's Department said deputies arrived at the home Saturday around 5:50 p.m. in response to a 911 call.
7932	The pinpoint passing in tight quarters.
7933	The Pisgah Inn and Restaurant at MP 408 opened April 1. The Folk Art Center and Blue Ridge Parkway Visitor Center in Asheville are open year-round.
7934	The place where the man was found is near Elm and Henry streets in Over-the-Rhine.
7935	The plane plunged into the ocean. 2003: Boeing 727 Eleven years ago, a Boeing 727 vanished in the Angolan capital of Luanda.
7936	The plane was a 72-seat twin-engine turboprop ATR 72. "TransAsia Airways is exhausting all means to assist passengers, victims and families" and working with investigators, its statement read.
7937	The planners as good as their intentions may be, fail to consider the vulnerability of these displays to people determined to ruin them for whatever reason.
7938	The plastic bags are not recyclable.
7939	The players are off this week as Webb wanted to give them a break and time to take a vacation.
7940	The players' union said the action "is to protect the due process rights of all NFL players."
7941	The play’s descent into madness, into darkness continues as each act moves farther and farther away from the audience, and closer and closer to the ropes at the back of the stage.
7942	The point is that this technology isn’t neutral: it’s powerful.
7943	The point where the Chicago River and Lake Michigan meet served as a focal point for commercial barge traffic and the city was built and expanded from there.
7944	The police arrested the shooting suspect, Jeanick McVane, but then, the Post reports, "the officers were allegedly set upon by two men — Nicholas John, 20, and Samuel Clark, 21 — who tried to keep McVane from getting hauled off, sources said.
7945	The police chief said the child reportedly received stitches for the head wound.
7946	"The police investigation is ongoing.
7947	The police officials say that the bridge on the Euphrates river was partially damaged.
7948	The police report said that Brown was there with his friend, Dorian Johnson.
7949	The police said the driver's breath samples were over twice the legal limit.
7950	“The policies are very significant because they make people accountable.
7951	The policy reads today much as it did then: "Consent means verbally asking and verbally giving or denying consent for all levels of sexual behavior."
7952	The policy was mistaken from the start: it has contributed to more than 160,000 dead in Syria, and in fact helped to open the way for ISIS to threaten both Syria and Iraq.
7953	The political landscape in 2014 is seeing republicans and democrats who won't give an inch.
7954	The poll suggests immigration is fading from voters' minds as campaigns and the government in Washington have focused elsewhere.
7955	The popular series, which revolved around mother-daughter duo Lorelai (Lauren Graham) and Rory Gilmore (Alexis Bledel), originally ran from 2000-2007.
7956	The portfolio is made up of about 1,400 patents and pending patent applications in the U.S. and about 1,000 patents and applications in other countries, Qualcomm said.
7957	The portions are very small.
7958	The Portuguese was bothered by patellar tendinosis in his left knee towards the end of last season and also played a limited role in the Super Cup due to a hamstring problem.
7959	The positive for the Eagles heading into Friday’s matchup is that their region record is 0-0.
7960	The possibility of strikes against al-Nusra -- the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria -- was first reported by the Washington Post.
7961	The post-Cold War world is falling away, but what will replace it?
7962	The Post Office was $5 billion in debt last year.
7963	The potash treatment began at Balsam Bay on May 24 and at Gimli Harbour on Saturday, while a curtain is currently being installed at Arnes.
7964	The potential lawsuits could be filed in any of several jurisdictions, such as Amsterdam, where the plane took off, Malaysia, where it was supposed to land and where the airline is based, or the home countries of individual passengers.
7965	The preliminary results had been due on July 2 but were delayed by five days while officials said they would audit ballots from 1,930 polling stations that had at least 599 votes.
7966	The President has since said he won't take any unilateral action until after the midterm election.
7967	The President is facing growing criticism over the deterioration of the situation in Iraq and the emergence of a radical jihadi state in large parts of Iraq and Syria.
7968	The president is said to be considering modifications to the existing criteria, which could expand the number of immigrant youth eligible to apply.
7969	The president met with Congressional leaders to discuss options for combating the Islamic State.
7970	The president postponed campaign trips to attend the meeting in light of a second Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital worker testing positive for the virus earlier in the day.
7971	The President proved that he's willing to go to bat for immigration reform.
7972	The president said he wouldn't mind.
7973	The president's judgement, his security, his agenda at a time of crisis, perhaps even his hypocrisy?
7974	The pressure in different stages varies greatly, too.
7975	The previous owner was Harold Cushing Jr., whose family had owned the island since 1954.
7976	The price of a first-class letter will jump to 49 cents, but the Postal Service is not printing new stamps to reflect the change.
7977	The prices of curved 4K LCD TV panels are between 1.3 and 1.5 times higher than those of average high-definition LCD TV panels, Tsai said.
7978	The Prime Minister listed several policy initiatives undertaken by The Bahamas to protect it from the fallout from global warming.
7979	"The principal problem for the victims is the social gap and so it is important to develop economic projects for them" says Sami Ibrahim, the group’s executive director.
7980	"The private loan capital for higher education may well be drying up," says Hartle.
7981	The prize-linked accounts — open to anyone — were made possible by 2011 legislation introduced by then-state Sen. Derek Kilmer to lift a ban on state-chartered credit unions from offering a “promotional contest of chance.”
7982	"The probability is rising that the perpetrator of the (Target breach) got the program from him," says Dan Clements, IntelCrawler president.
7983	The problem for consumers is these firms tend to be smaller, with limited marketing budgets.
7984	The problem is that another picture would immediately appear in its place.
7985	“The problem is that the drug dealers still exist in these areas,” says Oliveira, who has a bullet embedded in his head from a confrontation with traffickers.
7986	The process was orderly, transparent and peaceful," he told Reuters.
7987	The ProChild Network said the latest National Crime Records Bureau figures showed that 33,707 rape cases were registered in 2013, of which only 1,884 had involved juveniles.
7988	The product cycle has just started and they can probably continue to roll out good products and give us good numbers.”
7989	The products are a proof of concept for now, but Armatix says it is involved in "advanced licensing negotiations with several gun manufacturers" to bring the system to the masses.
7990	The program is a joint effort of CoxHealth, Mercy, Jordan Valley Community Health Center and The Kitchen Clinic.
7991	The program provides small businesses with domain names and other resources free for a year to get started.
7992	"The programs just aren't working" for homeowners.
7993	The promise of NFC in mobile hardware has always been to drive mobile payments, but nobody has managed to cut through with a universal system.
7994	"The proof will be in the pudding, as we say," he said.
7995	The prosecutor also brought up the fight with Frank Ocean, the Miami cell phone incident and Brown's "Good Morning America" tantrum.
7996	"The prospect of England playing three or four teams from the best 12 or 16 countries in Europe on a home and away basis should be very exciting," said English FA general secretary Alex Horne.
7997	The province is collecting public comments on the application until Sunday.
7998	The province says government inspectors will make on-site visits.
7999	The provincial appeals court reversed the decision which is now being appealed to the Supreme Court.
8000	The provincial Department of Environment did not respond to CBC’s request for a comment on Keeley’s role in the video campaign.
8001	The psychologist and parenting expert is calling on parents to give their kids a summer from the 70s.
8002	The Public Editor’s Journal: The Long Trip to a Times CorrectionNYT Now Americans Value Privacy, but Act as if They Don’t NYT Now People doubt the safety of their personal information, but it may not change their behavior, a poll finds.
8003	“The public has a right to know about the political pressure that forced the EPA to rewrite its proposal to allow for much dirtier waterways and put our health at risk."
8004	The purchases, now at US$45 billion a month, will likely be phased out entirely this fall.
8005	"The purpose behind our new app is to make the driver's experience with our law firm even more convenient and effective," says Drivers Legal Plan founder and CEO Jim Klepper.
8006	The purpose of the growing campaign against FGM in the UK is to ensure that of those 65,000 girls at risk, as many as possible are protected.
8007	The purpose of the meeting, he said, was to "see which forces, which capabilities and which steps we must employ to ensure the safety of Jerusalem."
8008	The purpose of the test is so that Google can “expeditiously test radios in a way that is likely to contribute to the development, extension, expansion or utilization of the radio art,” Google stated cryptically in one of the filings.
8009	The quarterback threw a jump-ball, and Norwood easily went up and over Chris Davis to pluck the ball from the air.
8010	The queen does not have a personal Twitter account.
8011	The question now is: how much more suffering can public universities take?
8012	The question of reducing costs is important, but in Germany the state is responsible for public peace, which means the police have to do the work, he says.
8013	The quip referenced David Letterman's failed attempt at hosting the year before.
8014	The quirky inventory includes everything from Mason jar shot glasses to gold necklaces in the shape of Texas.
8015	"The race environment and the high fives and the feeling of accomplishment became addicting to me," he said.
8016	The race for the reliably Democratic seat has already drawn a lot of attention from area Democrats.
8017	The rally then made its way down University Avenue to outside the U.S. consulate, with the pro-Israeli group marching on the other side of the street.
8018	"The rangers do believe it is at Grand Canyon in the national park," Grand Canyon National Park spokeswoman Kirby-Lynn Shedlowski told the Arizona Republic.
8019	The Rangers got even late in the second on Nash's team-leading 17th goal.
8020	The rapper collaborated with Sia for a song heard in the teaser, which finds Washington in "Man on Fire" mode.
8021	"The rating is from 10-1 with 1 being the best.
8022	The ratio has dramatically increased since figures were first reported in 1981 and while there's agreed reason behind this increase, men are suffering the most.
8023	The RCMP is also investigating Zehaf-Bibeau’s interactions with numerous individuals in the days leading up to this attack.
8024	The RCMP New Brunswick Twitter feed posted a photograph of the suspected gunman taken during the shootings.
8025	The real bombshell fell two weeks ago.
8026	"The real danger of this moment is the president risks unifying opposition from both the left and the right in their distrust of the president's motivations on immigration."
8027	The "Real Housewives of New Jersey" couple pleaded guilty March 4 to multiple federal fraud charges, including conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and lying on mortgage and loan applications.
8028	The real reason hardware stores have sales help is to step in when couples inevitable fight, he explained.
8029	The real test will come if and when the vaccine is used to protect doctors, nurses and other health care workers who treat actual Ebola patients.
8030	There and in some other stadiums, angry passengers jumped onto the tracks to protest, though they dispersed when police arrived.
8031	There are about 250 meaderies in the US, but so far Illinois has just one.
8032	There are a lot of parallels between the two presidents.
8033	There are also concerns for industry infrastructure in the area.
8034	There are, among others, sheep farmers, disadvantaged youth and soldiers trying to find their way after their military service has ended.
8035	There are five en-suite bedrooms, including a master suite.
8036	There are growing perceptions that multinational firms are under “selective and subjective enforcement” using “legal and extra-legal approaches,” the chamber said in a report.
8037	"There are lots of barriers to this," Dasko said.
8038	“There are misconceptions about doing business in Russia, such as everyone being corrupt. We have never once been asked to pay a commission or a bribe in 10 years.
8039	There are no any options left to accommodate the CPN-Maoist group, but a new government should find a way to address their demands.
8040	There are now 86,000 missionaries, up from 58,000 in October 2012.
8041	There are numerous programs at think thanks and organizations in Europe, the United States and beyond that are dedicated to fostering international exchange and dialogue.
8042	“There are people hiding behind the tree waiting for something to happen.”
8043	There are so many great dogs and cats in shelters that would be wonderful additions to a family.
8044	There are some social sharing buttons that give the reader several dozen choices in regards to what social platforms they can share the content on.
8045	There are those who feel Rafa Benitez was unfairly criticised by supporters during his short spell at Stamford Bridge, though spending six seasons at the helm of rivals Liverpool would not have helped his cause.
8046	There are two points for discussion.
8047	The reasons for those movements into the UK are complex because they have regularly changed thanks to global economic and political conditions.
8048	There at least everyone who lives there knows how to flow..
8049	The rebel-held city's education department says 50 out of the 150 schools in Donetsk have now switched to distance-learning.
8050	The recall covers Ram 1500 pickups from the 2005 model year.
8051	There can even be a spillover effect with neighboring states.
8052	There comes a time when everyone grows up, and that time is when vodka doesn't come from a plastic jug.
8053	The reduced releases will not impact municipal or industrial water intakes because the river will still be higher than the average November flows of 28,700 cfs from Ft.
8054	Therefore the listing agent who controls the marketing has to spend more time and money marketing the property."
8055	Therefore, the summary judgment of the Circuit Court was reversed and the case remanded.
8056	Therefore they are not attractive to large private sector researchers," he told BBC News.
8057	The reformed hukou system will be based on a person's place of residence and job, rather than their birthplace, and transfer of hukou registrations will now become possible, the State Council said.
8058	The regime is moving to clear the remaining parts of Aleppo of rebels and their supporters, of all human life it seems, because human life here is opposed to them by ideology or just association.
8059	The Region 8-AAAA tournament is set for April 16-17 at Madison County High School and Madison County Middle School.
8060	The regular-season game against the Broncos could help in the rematch, but the Patriots know both teams have evolved.
8061	There has been no change here.
8062	There has been no explanation why Dzoch re-entered the home.
8063	There hasn't been a day that I haven't seen someone on the cell in the Alvarado Blvd. Dyer area.
8064	There have been audits going on for years and yet she is still in power.
8065	"There have been bad years for commercial aviation," Gavin said.
8066	There have been numerous reports of soldiers deserting, saying they are not as well equipped as the militants.
8067	There is a chance of flurries tonight in the north, he says, with low temperatures of –2 C to –4 C. However, Coade says a storm is in the forecast for Wednesday.
8068	‘‘There is a level of comfort for every guy in their stance, and it sets the stage for a guy in his at-bat, being comfortable in seeing the ball, being confident and relaxed.’
8069	There is a secret sauce for the weak to beat the strong, say those who have studied and participated in successful nonviolent social movements.
8070	There is comfort in being able to communicate without regard to time or distance but somehow all this personal contact seems so impersonal, so two dimensional, so unnatural..
8071	There is currently no vaccine licensed for use to protect against Ebola.
8072	There is much less jockeying for a seat on the House Veterans' Affairs Committee.
8073	There is no appeals process if the agency decides not to pursue licensing a family.
8074	There is no charge to join and the coupons are traded each week and several rebate forms are available each week.
8075	"There is no connection with al Qaeda, the Taliban or any terrorist organization.
8076	There is no substitute for blood.
8077	There is nothing candid about men — specifically men, because membership in pai she was restricted to males — who secretly take photographs up females’ skirts or down their blouses or dress tops.
8078	There is nothing to prevent skating from choosing its Olympians without adding a layer of bias to a sport already short on objectivity.
8079	"There is no way our travel agent can find any company that will fly us to Ukraine.
8080	There is one rule.
8081	There is some simple math here.
8082	There is still a long way to go before Enterprise Social Networks become the social "backbone" by forming a cross-organisational relationship layer in order to facilitate information sharing and collaboration.
8083	There is this awesome situation that the Taliban creates where they decide that women can't work, and women also can't be treated by male doctors, you know where this is going, women can't get health care.
8084	“There is this idea that there’s this reservoir of people who will immediately begin to smoke pot if it’s legal and ruin their lives,” Steves said.
8085	"The relationship has gotten rockier over this period during the war."
8086	The remains were collected for further study.
8087	"There may be a small difference but there is no meaningful difference."
8088	"There must not be favored treatment for those occupying a position of public responsibility," Felipe said.
8089	The renaming will roll out globally in due course, Microsoft has said.
8090	The report also found that 15 percent of people who live in poverty had depression, meaning that they were more than twice as likely to have depression as people living above the federal poverty level, who have a depression rate of 6.2 percent.
8091	The report covers the Americas, and the APAC and EMEA regions; it also covers the Global Biotechnology Reagents market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years.
8092	The report from the Parliamentary Budget Office (PBO) released Wednesday shows wide variances in how much sick leave is taken from one department to another.
8093	The report goes on to explain that J.Law spent nearly five hours at his residence, ordering pizza multiple times (because there's never too much pizza) and ultimately suggesting that the blond beauty may be dating Polsky.
8094	The report helped drive up stock prices, with the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rising 1.49%, to 1,040.46.
8095	The report helped lift some homebuilder shares.
8096	The report narrowed down the possible final resting place from thousands of possible routes, while noting the absence of communications and the steady flight path and a number of other key abnormalities in the course of the ill-fated flight.
8097	The report said that a malicious software that infiltrated the point of sale system at the registers was "almost certainly derived" from BlackPOS, a crude but effective software product.
8098	The report says there are no reports of impact to wildlife and that a cleanup has begun.
8099	The report states it was received July 14, after Waters was twice questioned by investigators.
8100	The Republican National Committee alone spent $76 million last year, largely on rebuilding its campaign technology and hiring operatives to work alongside state parties.
8101	The request for 45 cylinders of fluorine gas was considered suspicious, because fluorine is combined with uranium to produce uranium hexafluoride, the form of uranium that used for enrichment.
8102	"There's about 320 miles of coastline that has not had a big earthquake since 1877," Allmendinger said.
8103	There’s a chance of increased traffic, more people that aren’t necessarily going to be living in this community walking through it.”
8104	"There's a languishing that happens when people aren't able to connect to their purpose," she said.
8105	The re-sale market for existing homes in Rosedale is very brisk.
8106	"There's also less need for a strong currency to offset imported inflation."
8107	There’s a massively muscled guy named Drax, played by pro wrestler Dave Bautista.
8108	There's an accelerometer to track motion, but people would just stick the beacons on walls or pillars where they remained stationary.
8109	“There’s an enormous responsibility that comes with being a diverse leader,” Keane said in an interview at the firm’s Stamford, Conn., headquarters.
8110	"There's a real science to it."
8111	There’s at least one more major reason to be bullish about Quintana’s season and future: his durability.
8112	"There's been a lack of attention in funding for our state lands, or even thinking of them as assets," Graham said.
8113	“There’s been a sea change,” said Rabbi Joel Alter, director of admissions at the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York.
8114	"There's been some negative news out there — the economic data, corporate earnings and what's now going on in emerging markets — but I'm not convinced the headlines are bad enough to be a catalyst to push us into a correction," Corpina said.
8115	There's darkness in those eyes, y'know.
8116	“There’s definitely some skepticism about it.
8117	The researchers examined eight studies from Europe and the United States that together tracked more than 26,000 nonsmoking men and women.
8118	The research was discussed Tuesday at the International AIDS Conference in Melbourne, Australia, and was published by the British journal Lancet Infectious Diseases.
8119	The research was published Monday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
8120	There’s fans, the community, you’ve got younger kids looking up to you.
8121	"There should be some real consequences for those who participated in it as well."
8122	The residents started a virtual neighborhood watch using Nextdoor, sending out detailed alerts about any suspicious cars or people and essentially live-blogging strangers' movements throughout the 1 square-mile area.
8123	'There's no dialogue, it feels like there's no hope.'
8124	'There's no doubt that this rattles the sense of trust, once again, that people have in priests.'
8125	There’s no escaping it now: The hometown kid is heading abroad.
8126	There's no indication whether those who have the bad patch should uninstall KB 2889866.
8127	"There's no overwhelming hole where I say we need a small forward or center or this or that," Suns General Manager Ryan McDonough said.
8128	"There's no perfect playbook for this kind of election," said Democratic Strategist Robby Mook, who managed the successful off-year election of Terry McAuliffe as governor of Virginia last year.
8129	There's no question that Corbett loves dogs (First Lady Susan Corbett once said her often shy husband would be the one at the party in the corner playing with the dogs).
8130	There's no rhyme or reason, time or season, to which video we'll choose.
8131	There’s no telling what I might play but there is a good chance it will include some of my own songs.
8132	There's nothing good on anyway.
8133	There's nothing scary about people exercising their right to demonstrate and air their grievances for a better life.
8134	There's no way they're going to survive if they took in as much water as he did," Moore said.
8135	The resolution was initially drafted under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter, which means it could be enforced militarily, but that was dropped at the insistence of Russia, Syria's most important ally.
8136	The resort also features six restaurants, a fitness center, spa, state-of-the-art pool and beach access.
8137	The response from the cycling community has made me aware of the sport and its safety issues and challenges with drivers on the road of which I was completely unaware."
8138	There's something about the Rockies that's completely familiar to him, down to the expressions on his parents' faces as they waited in line to rent skis.
8139	There’s something hard-wired in us to be more worried about losing something than excited about getting something we don’t.
8140	"There's something illogical in the whole thing."
8141	"There's still a lot of ticks in Manitoba this year," she said.
8142	''There's still a lot of time,'' Love said.
8143	There's talk in the market that the Fed could raise interest rates as early as the spring, and that's definitely a concern, says Detrick at Schaeffers.
8144	The restaurant chain also analyses how long customers wait for a table.
8145	The rest will be crushed and disposed of.
8146	The result appears to be a more equalized wage economy that is well-positioned internationally to compete with Canada’s largest trading partner and others.
8147	The result is an ambitious 21st century pop album that creates and inhabits its very own hinterland of spiritual fragility, fearless love and sexuality, deep pain, and overwhelming joy.
8148	The results are expected in April.
8149	The results aren't surprising, said senior author Dr. Stefanos N. Kales of Harvard School of Public Health in Boston.
8150	"The results of this analysis will be presented to council in 2015," the statement added.
8151	The Retail Council of Canada says high-cost premium cards have hurt merchants the most.
8152	The return hasn't been easy.
8153	The review revealed that the agency charged with protecting children missed signs that the boy was at risk.
8154	The reviews are much cheaper and faster than court.
8155	The Rev. Jon Lobos will officiate.
8156	There was a lot of anger, she says, but years later, after a lot of perseverance and soul-searching, she is getting back in the saddle with help from her wife, Elladee Brown.
8157	There was an error on their part.
8158	There was a report out recently which said that I inspired 500 people, in fact, to carry out operations here and abroad.
8159	There was a rumor that they were going to make golf course tougher because he was so dominant.
8160	There was enough evidence that this year was an offensive disaster.
8161	There was little doubt over the outcome since Prayuth was the only candidate.
8162	There was no immediate comment from the Dutch government.
8163	There was no immediate word on the girl's condition, but it does not appear that she was seriously hurt.
8164	There was nowhere for me to move, and two middle-aged woman looked at me in horror.
8165	There was thick rough around the greens so if you miss it then it is tough to get up and down."
8166	There were even threats that the state would deny VW $300 million in tax breaks it is seeking to expand the plant if the union won the vote.
8167	There were no immediate reports of serious injuries or damage.
8168	There were no other injuries.
8169	There were no reports of deaths or loss of eyes.
8170	There were no representatives from Abdullah.
8171	There were questions about the refereeing thus far.
8172	There were television reports of banks being robbed, the release of thousands of prisoners and the confiscation of oil wells.
8173	There will be door prizes and a 50/50 drawing.
8174	There will be millions of Americans scratching their heads, saying this was a difficult time and that the CIA was dealing with some very bad people and it did what it had to do.
8175	The Rhone and the Saone both curve through the city.
8176	The Rio Tinto deal could also be attached to legislation to fund the government, or to a package of land deals that also includes preservation measures favored by Democrats.
8177	The rival events highlighted the divide that will have to be bridged if a compromise on Ukraine is to be reached on Tuesday when Russian President Vladimir Putin meets his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko for the first time in months.
8178	The road we’ve traveled has not been straight and it has not been without bumps, but it has been, undoubtedly, extraordinary.
8179	The robberies had significant negative impact on worship at the churches.
8180	The rocket fire came amid rising tension between Israel and the Palestinians in East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians want as the capital of a future state, along with Gaza and the occupied West Bank.
8181	The rodeo is coming to Calgary after two years in Ponoka and features the best cowboys from Alberta and across the U.S. It's a licensed event that runs from 8:45 p.m. to 2 a.m. at the Agrium Western Event Centre in Calgary's Stampede Park.
8182	The roof was entirely burned away, while the outer walls were charred and the siding melted.
8183	"The Rotary Rodeo is an excellent family-friendly event that provides a fun, outdoor atmosphere with activities for everyone," Kelley said.
8184	The row of seats will usually be at the front of the council’s public gallery, unless there is a specific reason that others may need accommodating there.
8185	The Royals won 8-6 in the 10th inning Friday night in Baltimore.
8186	The ruling Chinese Communist Party is officially atheist and for years it has restricted fasting in Xinjiang, home to the mostly Muslim Uighur minority.
8187	The ruling family is Sunni.
8188	The ruling was a "travesty of justice", said 55-year-old jockey Shannon Devoy, clad in riding trousers and boots.
8189	The run-and-jump center finally found a great situation in Washington.
8190	The runner held his thumbs in his ears at times in the courtroom when Wolmarans talked about Steenkamp's fatal wounds.
8191	The rush of movie and TV projects builds on a longstanding state interest in the benefits of film production, a focus sparked by the 1972 film "Deliverance."
8192	The Russell 2000 has lost 4.6 percent in the last seven trading days, while the Nasdaq Biotech index is off by 4.8 percent.
8193	The Russian draft includes some parts of the Western and Arab text, the diplomat said.
8194	"The sad thing is that this is a regular occurrence and we see and hear of whole families being wiped out by this awful disease," Cafferkey wrote.
8195	"The sad truth is that the US military in World War II in Europe executed a lot of prisoners.
8196	The Saints not only scored a touchdown on their next drive, but also managed to recover the subsequent onside kick.
8197	The sales-tax holiday extends from 12:01 a.m. Friday to midnight Sunday.
8198	The same host warns darkly that there are three times as many Muslim voters in Canada as Jews.
8199	The same missed cases are linked to Liberia's vast second-wave outbreak, identified in late May, with almost 8,000 reported infections to date.
8200	The same people buying dot-com stocks in 1999 were buying Miami condos in 2006 and gold in 2011.
8201	The sample also didn't include people in same-sex relationships.
8202	The sanctions are planned to target investment in Russian-occupied Crimea, targeting specifically Black Sea natural resources exploration, Ukraine Today reports.
8203	The Santa Barbara community will be emotionally ravaged for a very long time and our country has had its wound of the horror of mass murder opened once again.
8204	The Satanic Temple has demanded to have a monument of its own erected next to the Judeo-Christian one.
8205	The sauces are lathered onto the wings, which were surprisingly meaty.
8206	The Saudis and Israelis, however, are reportedly discussing joint military operations, with the Saudis offering the funding and the Israeli Air Force being the pointy end of the spear.
8207	The scary thing about that is, if you’ve got a few hundred people on Facebook or Twitter and you don’t have your privacy settings up to date, it can really get you in trouble," Kolobraric said.
8208	The scene in Lea Bridge Road in Clapton, east London where a car collided with a night bus.
8209	The school's website calls him an instructor.
8210	The school was serving as a shelter for 3,000 displaced Palestinians.
8211	The school was winner of the second Verizon Wireless "Save It Seattle " contest, which challenged students at seven south Puget Sound high schools to take a pledge against texting and driving.
8212	The school will primarily be for children at the orphanage, with the goal of allowing other youngsters in the village attend as well.
8213	The scientific benefits of robotic servicing are potentially huge.
8214	The score also includes a few songs added to the score in 1973, including "Paris is Paris Again" and "I Never Want to Go Home Again."
8215	The Scottish government dismissed Robertson's comments as "crass and offensive" and that he added nothing positive to the debate.
8216	The Seahawks, though, say they mostly just have to worry about themselves.
8217	These ancient rods and cones helped a type of fish called Acanthodes bridgei, the last known common ancestor of modern jawed fishes -- both bony and cartilaginous species -- including barracudas and sharks.
8218	These are hardly neutral jurists at work, but rather Gülen followers.
8219	"These are two very different modes."
8220	"These attacks can be spoofed," he told Wired.
8221	These bears are not exactly new to the city: since 1995, they’ve been on display at the Bronx Zoo."
8222	These Burger King locations will surely appreciate over $6 million in savings without any upfront capital via our forever green savings program.
8223	These companies match consumer to provider, and because they eliminate the managers in the middle and some of the regulatory burden, they're able to provide services at lower prices.
8224	The second driver's name was not immediately released and the cause of the crash remained under investigation.
8225	The second is to improve the quality of life in our community.
8226	The second saw a scoring explosion, with Canada jumping out to 5-3 lead, two goals coming from Canadian captain and Philadelphia Flyers winger Andrew Gordon, who finished with three.
8227	The second step is to gather information pertinent to the EEI.
8228	These consultations were to have included two senior New Brunswick judges, Canadian Bar Association – New Brunswick division; l'Association des juristes d’expression française du Nouveau-Brunswick and the New Brunswick Law Society.
8229	The Securities & Exchange Commission investigation and its fallout delayed it, but in June 2007, Tyco Healthcare became Covidien (COV), an independent publicly traded company headquartered in Dublin.
8230	The securities will likely be similar to bonds or certificates of deposit.
8231	These days, he's the little, impish comedian who serves up big, huge laughs.
8232	"These days, instead of hearing from parents that they're worried about radiation, we're hearing that they're more worried because their kids don't get outside," he said.
8233	These efforts are still in their infancy and there is much more work to do.
8234	These exposures have not only given us insight to what he’s thinking, but also how he thinks.
8235	These have now re-opened.
8236	These include plans to identify and equip special education units within the public school setting for children with mild learning and intellectual disabilities who are not meant for the segregated schools.
8237	These innovations could spur economic growth in ways we have never seen before, for example, if this hydrogen gas project gets up and running, we could have a whole new productive industry formed around it, creating jobs and revenue," said Ivey.
8238	The seizure of the estate was a military necessity, no matter who owned the property, Carney said.
8239	"These lifesaving supplies include reusable containers filled with clean water for 2,400 families along with 500 solar lanterns that can also be used to recharge mobile phones."
8240	The Seminoles missed both veterans Saturday.
8241	These mothers and grandmothers see a campaign against Common Core as an extension of protecting the nuclear family.
8242	The Senior Community Service Employment Program has opening for qualified seniors in Ochiltree County.
8243	These ocean-dwelling creatures lived between about 436 million to 402 million years ago, in the Silurian and Devonian periods, Briggs said.
8244	"These past 12 years in the national team have been full of emotions.
8245	"These past 13 years have tested our nation and our military," President Obama said in a statement.
8246	These questions challenge the church to reflect on whether it can guarantee homosexuals a fraternal space while re-echoing the long-held catechism on the subject.
8247	The Serbian FA insisted their fine was for the altercation.
8248	"These results are changeable..
8249	The series of civil war, extreme weather and mythical creatures is shaping up to be the Time Warner Inc-owned network's biggest show since "The Sopranos," which drew 11.9 million viewers for its 2007 finale.
8250	“The series transformed into a sort of podcast, where the topics I talk about might have little to do with the journey itself,” Mac said in an interview with the New Yorker.
8251	"The seriousness of the moment demands urgent action," McDonald told the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee.
8252	The server had security protections, but the person compared the security to leaving a house protected by “just a screen door.”
8253	The service, which will cost $9,000 for the first year, is being paid for in part by that advertising.
8254	The service will begin at 2:30 p.m. at Life Center, 1717 S. Union Ave. in Tacoma.
8255	The service would be limited — at least initially — to commercial customers in or near the downtown.
8256	These sections say, among other things, that upon delivery of theform, the third party administrator “shall provide” (with “shall” indicating the need for compliance) payments for contraceptive services.
8257	These steps have helped me tremendously.
8258	The seven-time All-Star forward retired last year and is now pursuing a career in minor-league baseball.
8259	These voices, combined with rare and rarely seen film footage, a thoughtful soundtrack and perfectly orchestrated editing are able to give the series (I have screened the first four episodes available at press time) an impactful relevance.
8260	“These were not kids who were isolated,” he said.
8261	These were not touch-screen phones, instead gadgets where people can access the internal net and visit certain North Korean sites like government sites and the country's largest newspaper.
8262	The SFUSD's afraid the school will be just as devoid of people even after it opens.
8263	The shallow nature of the muddy watering holes people use means they frequently stand in them when collecting water.
8264	The shares were down 1.3 percent in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
8265	The sharpshooter got the better of goaltender Jake Allen on the breakaway after taking a stretch saucer pass from linemate Pierre-Alexandre Parenteau from his own zone.
8266	The Sherwood Police Department acted immediately to the report and responded to the residence.
8267	The ship, deployed in the Western Pacific, is set to arrive on Tuesday.
8268	“The shocking increase in overdose deaths illustrates that addiction to heroin and other opioids, including some prescription painkillers, represents nothing less than a public health crisis,” Holder said.
8269	The shooting triggered days of violent protests, during which police used assault rifles, stun grenades and body armor to disperse crowds, while the National Guard was called in to help.
8270	The short statement reads: "Aiken Promotions regret to announce that despite pursuing all possible solutions, the 5 concert Garth Brooks Comeback Special Event at Croke Park is cancelled.
8271	The show opened with an embarrassing hiccup, as one of five snowflakes failed to unfurl as planned into the Olympic rings, forcing organizers to jettison a fireworks display and disrupting one of the most symbolic moments in an opening ceremony.
8272	The shows are accompanied by extravagant feasts of grilled pork, broiled chicken, rice and fruit.
8273	The sides are protected with a rubberized polyurethane material, however, which should improve the phone's chances of survival if dropped.
8274	The signs were installed nearly 40 years ago as part of pilot program that aimed to introduce the use of the metric system in the United States.
8275	The silent emergency call can be tracked down to reveal a person's location The app can't be detected on a smart phone right away.
8276	The silicone material for this product has been FDA approved for food safety.
8277	The singer checked into rehab for bulimia in January, and was in treatment for over 60 days.
8278	The singer first had a quickie wedding to childhood friend Jason Alexander in Las Vegas in January 2004.
8279	The singer/songwriter teamed up with romantics Matt from Los Angeles and Aly from Denver, who wanted to propose to their girlfriends.
8280	The site is adjacent to the west side of the Los Angeles River, a heavily congested area near county jails and downtown's transit plaza.
8281	The site reveals the location and manufacturer of the device whose feeds have been accessed using software and search tools.
8282	The situation has gotten so drastic that many foreign governments recalled their citizens, including the governments of neighboring Tunisia and Algeria, and as far away as the Philippines and the US.
8283	The situation took another turn Tuesday when online publication BuzzFeed said one of its reporters was tracked by an Uber Technologies executive without her permission.
8284	The skates, helmets, jerseys and other donated gear was all new.
8285	The skies will be cloudier than they were midweek, with some light rain or drizzle in places although there will be some good spells of sunshine also.
8286	The Skylark unit consists of a ground control element and three drones, which provide battalion-level commanders with real-time information.
8287	"The small business guy who, you know, is hustling away, trying to deal with this new world of social media and battling online shopping and all that stuff, this is one thing that is going to hinder more than help that guy," Kivol said.
8288	The soft hues of the Painted Hills in Oregon are as picturesque as a watercolor painting.
8289	The software is popular with techies and has attracted enough support from developers that 10,000 apps are available for download to Android phones, but it hasn't yet caught on with consumers.
8290	The software maker has started emailing invites to members of the press to tease a "ready for more" announcement.
8291	The song is about a debutante who becomes a loner when she's cast from upper-class social circles.
8292	THE SONG Pastor's Kit includes everything you need to plan a six-week teaching series around the concepts presented in THE SONG Small Group Study.
8293	The Sooners led 28-14 when he was injured.
8294	The soup was too sweet and murky, lacking basic ingredients like lemongrass, lime and chili flakes which would have introduced some much needed savory flavors into the mixture.
8295	The source said Goodell spent much of his testimony under cross examination by Rice's attorneys.
8296	The sources requested anonymity because Apple’s production plans are private.
8297	"The sources spoke on the condition of strict anonymity because they were not permitted to speak on the record," the newspaper said.
8298	The South Coast Interagency Narcotics team arrested 36-year-old David Dials on suspicion of being a felon in possession of a firearm.
8299	The Southeastern Conference record is not recorded in the conference’s media guide.
8300	The southern municipalities are on the leeward side of the Central Mountain Range, which obstructs the northeastern trade winds from entering those area, making conditions poor for dissipation, Chu said.
8301	The Southern strategy included a return to a target price based payment system with reductions in crop insurance support payments, rather than an emphasis on crop insurance alone.
8302	The Sox committed no errors, didn’t run into any silly outs and got timely hitting.
8303	The Soyuz carried three crew members, an American, a Russian and a German.
8304	The S&P 500 recorded its best year since 1997 last year; The Dow rose the most since 1995.
8305	The Spartans got one against Nebraska.
8306	The special rapporteur for Iran, who has not been allowed to visit the country, this year focused attention on the country's "alarmingly high frequency" of the use of the death penalty.
8307	The special rescue team, the response team of the Crisis Management Center of the Ministry of Emergency Situations and a combat crew arrived at the scene.
8308	The spectacle was fantastic.
8309	The speedy point guards play similarly and the one who stays in front of the other could be the difference-maker.
8310	The spokesperson also said a 9mm handgun was recovered at the scene.
8311	The spot shows a spelling bee where a little girl is asked how to spell "Pryor," as in Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor.
8312	The sprinter maintains he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder.
8313	The stainless steel rods are welded together to form nine hendecagons, with an overall height and width of nearly 12 feet.
8314	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose a point to 1,838 and the Nasdaq composite index rose 17 points, or 0.4 percent, to 4,170.
8315	The Stanley Cup itself came along for the ride, and as the participants pulled within sight of the arena, confetti rained down and the team and fans moved inside for a celebratory rally.
8316	The star is a Louisville native, and usually returns every year for the holidays.
8317	The state as a unit is under attack, not in every part of the world, but in many parts of it.
8318	The state could collect damages only once but a judge could impose multiple penalties against multiple parties, said Kristina Edmunson, a spokeswoman for the attorney general.
8319	The State Department said the doctor was from the U.S. Ebola outbreak likely to spread to more countries Dr. Holly Phillips and Dr. Tara Narula discuss the Ebola epidemic and the latest findings about low-carb versus low-fat diets.
8320	The state has given away nearly 7,000 trees for replanting, but it's uncertain how long it will take to fill in the gaps.
8321	The state is struggling with many other issues in its 34-prison system, including compliance with a court order to reduce severe overcrowding.
8322	The state laws of Texas have been well preserved, codified and computerized.
8323	The statement didn't say whether the militants were killed in clashes or airstrikes.
8324	The statement in the victim's first affidavit that the vehicle that forced her off the highway was a rather large truck, which was white with blue writing on the side was consistent with the testimony in her later deposition and her second affidavit.
8325	The statement said the coalition will be "discussing the military changes in Syria and the region in general, and its impact on the course of revolution."
8326	The statement was similar to the one released by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in 2008 about her pregnant then-17-year-old daughter, Bristol.
8327	The state news agency Sana quoted Mr Assad's office as saying that the president "considered the de Mistura initiative worth studying and trying to work on in order to attain its aims to return security to the city of Aleppo".
8328	The state wants a highly structured consent decree with more than 100 new deadlines to keep DOE on track, but the Department of Justice said in court documents the demands were unrealistic.
8329	The state, which normally doesn't conduct such attorney-client interviews with employees after executions, more or less acknowledged the interviews were prompted by the threat of a lawsuit.
8330	The steep streets and colorful houses of San Francisco are just some of the reasons why someone might leave their heart in the vibrant city.
8331	The stickers could come to a list of drivers whose vehicles have at least four unpaid parking tickets and they've failed to respond, failed to show up for a hearing or failed to pay within 45 days.
8332	The storm also caused flight delays, knocked down trees and power lines and left about 4,500 households in the suburb of Tempe temporarily without power.
8333	“The story became really big in a way we couldn’t ignore what was going on around us," explained Wookey.
8334	The strategy is part of a movement to give primary-care docs more responsibility to manage patients' treatments.
8335	The strikes have dented Vietnam's 25-year-old policy of offering foreign investors a stable workforce whose minimum wage, at $85 a month, is still half that of China.
8336	The strikes hit residential buildings in the town of Kfar Tarakhim in the northwest province of Idlib in the afternoon on Saturday, according to the Idlib News group and the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
8337	The student government ballot initiative passed with 54.2 percent of the vote, with 45.8 against, The DePaulia student newspaper reported Friday.
8338	The students had threatened to storm government offices if Leung did not step down by midnight on Friday.
8339	The students were sitting being taken care of, the SRO was on the porch, and he said he had some type of indirect lightning strike through the computer," Lieutenant Jerry Hall, with the DeFuniak Springs Fire Department, said.
8340	The students were very engaged in the process.
8341	The study showed both safety and efficacy and the side effects were minimal," said Dr. Timothy Nichols, who heads the Francis Owen Blood Research Laboratory at the University of North Carolina and was not involved in the study.
8342	"The study was actually involving fitness and of course, people would come to participate in the study and they would have to change into fitness clothing from their normal streetwear," said Sgt. Drew Grainger.
8343	The study was paid for by Sanofi Pasteur, the vaccine's maker.
8344	"The style of football is important to us as we go forward.
8345	The sudden warm spell changed the direction of winds in the stratosphere, and broke the polar vortex up into pockets that drifted down to Southern Canada and the U.S., Kolonjari posted on the CREATE Arctic Science blog.
8346	' The suit, filed in June by Mohamad Saiful Bukhari Azlan, seeks damages of 50 million ringgit (HK$122.5 million) and adds to mounting headaches for the opposition leader, AFP reports.
8347	The summer of 2012 was not the best of times for German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
8348	The Sun News does not verify the accuracy of answers.
8349	The Sunni IS and its allies control swathes of both northern and western Iraq and neighbouring northeastern Syria, where they have waged a bloody campaign that has shocked the world.
8350	The sun sets over a bay in the Guanacaste Province of Costa Rica, where a fishing fleet settles down for the night.
8351	The Super Bowl brings two wildly different teams to the field.
8352	The Supersonics were playing their first season, and city boosters were angling for a baseball franchise – trying to steal the Athletics from Kansas City.
8353	The Supreme Court will reconsider the case, Mach Mining, LLC v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, 13-1019, when its new term begins this fall.
8354	The survey found a significant link between shift work and type 2 diabetes, the most common type.
8355	The survey was conducted on April 4, after Public Protector Thuli Madonsela - South Africa's top anti-corruption watchdog - published a damning report into a $21 million state-funded security upgrade to President Jacob Zuma's private home.
8356	The suspect put his car in reverse and then tried to drive forward around the passenger side of the police car, which would have put the injured officer in harm’s way, Camden said.
8357	The suspects attended the same middle school as the victim and had a sleepover at the home of one of the suspects Friday night, Jack said.
8358	The suspect was described as a male in his late teens or early 20s and he was accompanied by two other males in the same age range.
8359	The Swedish team celebrates taking the gold in the women's cross-country relay on February 16. Germany's Richard Freitag jumps in the fog while training for the men's large hill ski jumping event.
8360	The sweep also turned up a tip locally that was passed on to the U.S. Marshals Service, and as a result, the feds were able to arrest an individual in Chicago wanted on three counts of child molestation.
8361	The Swiss are Europe's top rail users, and their network is envied abroad for safety and quality.
8362	"The (Swiss) draft mandate puts a lot of focus on Crimea and the Russians want that removed."
8363	“The system was a dismal failure from the moment it was installed,” the report states.
8364	The tags have been so alienating, in fact, that some residents have even begun suspecting that the No Pipelines graffiti is a plot by the pro-pipeline side.
8365	The Taipei City Fire Department was notified just after 7am that a young woman was lying on the ground near Nanjing E Road in Songshan District (松山).
8366	The Taipei District Court later ruled the prosecutors had acted contrary to the law.
8367	The tax fraud case has highlighted delays in Italy's justice system since the investigation began back in 2001 with police raids on offices of his media empire Mediaset when he was prime minister.
8368	The team announced Friday that he will suit up as the starter.
8369	The team, based in Darmstadt, Germany, saw a robotic spacecraft called Philae land on the 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko comet.
8370	The team had initially planned to do 10 transplants, but one woman could not proceed due to medical reasons, university spokesman Krister Svahn said.
8371	The team has developed a universal blood sensor, which they tested on a series of parabolic, zero-gravity flights.
8372	The team is sponsored by an Iranian bank and a car battery producer, which paid some $150,000 to build the car.
8373	The technology, refined and tested last year in a secret facility in Anacortes, will be incorporated into a new 777X fuselage assembly building described in the city planning documents.
8374	The teen was removed from the home, as were the Hendersons’ children.
8375	The Telecommunications Act of 1934 was adopted to regulate these," Cruz says holding up a landline phone.
8376	The Temazcal experience is now the main attraction for many travelers to Playa del Carmen.
8377	The testimony fueled the fire that started during the first trial about the effectiveness of Italy's justice system given widespread doubts over the handling of the investigation and key pieces of evidence.
8378	The tests were conducted Friday on the blood-soaked items, which were discovered along Peasley Canyon Road on Wednesday afternoon by a federal agent who spotted a man trying to burn them.
8379	The test, whole exome sequencing, stems from the decades-long push to map all the genes in the human body and translate that knowledge into diagnostic tools and therapies.
8380	The Texan improved to 11-1 in CFL starts.
8381	The Texas Department of State Health Services issued an "influenza health alert" on Dec. 20, advising clinicians to consider antiviral treatment, even if an initial rapid-flu test comes back negative.
8382	The Texas Youth Football Association featured in the Esquire Network series that started last month has drawn criticism from those who say the coaching borders on child abuse, but has been praised by others for teaching kids how to be tough.
8383	The thick coat of ivy, changing with the season, is always enchanting, contributing a Gothic flair to the lovely campus.
8384	The thieves took that bag, along with some cash and other items that were left in the car.
8385	"The thought that the tabloid media version, which is demonstrably false, would be in essence confirmed by this outrageous decision by an administrative law judge at the DMV is almost too much to bear for the Liaos," Vaccaro said.
8386	“The thread… started on Sep. 23 with user jake.
8387	The three-hour test run event, which was set for Sunday, was meant for staff and their families to give valuable feedback on the exhibits, according to a museum invitation.
8388	The three-member board was acting on a request from the California High-Speed Rail Authority, which was seeking to clarify federal jurisdiction over the project.
8389	The three other candidates are: Samir Ahmed Moalla, a 43-year professor of international law from the southern province of Quinetra; Mohammad Firas Rajjouh, 48, from Damascus; and Abdul-Salam Salameh, 43, from the central province of Homs.
8390	The three wounded officers were hospitalized but were out of danger, he added.
8391	The thrill of combining his love of sailing with his penchant for photography has taken him as far north as Spitsbergen in the Norwegian Arctic and as far south as Antarctica.
8392	The Tigers come into the contest with a 12-1 record. their only blemish comes in the form of a 29-28 road loss to Class 4 Carl Junction, who are ranked third in the state, in their regular season finale.
8393	The time seems ripe, then, for a new generation to be all the more accepting of managerial innovation.
8394	The tool allows people undergoing anticoagulant treatments to easily test their blood at home, with the entire process taking mere minutes.
8395	The top Democrat on the agriculture panel, Minnesota Rep. Collin Peterson, said he also enticed some of his colleagues with more money for fruit, vegetable and organic programs.
8396	The tornadoes did not hit Stanton, but caused extensive damage in Pilger and some rural areas around that town of about 350. At least one of the tornadoes lifted off the ground several times before touching down again.
8397	The Toronto-bound lanes of the bridge were closed for four days after a dump truck with its bucket raised slammed through the bridge on Thursday, severely damaging its structure.
8398	The Tory leadership process — and that's an understatement of a word to call it — has put the party on one weird path, with no permanent leader in place and autumn looming.
8399	The total number of hectares burned in B.C. in 2010, when the province's cost for firefighting reached $212 million.
8400	The touchdown ultimately gave Seattle a 12-7 victory over the Panthers in Carolina in the season opener.
8401	The tournament starts Monday.
8402	The tournament starts Sunday.
8403	The tours are not without critics, however, who say they focus on incomplete information that trickles out via phone, email and social media.
8404	The traction this clip and others have seen shows that there's a real hunger for short clips to meet the needs of our increasingly short attention spans.
8405	The trading screen at AHL-MAN asset management company in the city of London, March 6, 2012.
8406	“The traffic division of the police department, assisted by 12 volunteers, will be there to ensure traffic remains smooth,” Huang added.
8407	The transmission shifted down two gears and the engine roared faster and louder and then faster and louder again.
8408	The Transportation Department said Wednesday that 76.9 percent of flights arrived on time in May, down from 79.6 percent in April and 79.4 percent in May 2013.
8409	The trauma was finally resolved, Hallstrom said, when the two filmmakers joined forces on "The Hundred-Foot Journey," which Hallstrom directed and Spielberg produced, along with Oprah Winfrey and "Ted Talks" curator Juliet Blake.
8410	The travel ban also extends to Commonwealth citizens, not citizens of Jamaica, who have travelled to or transited through Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone within 28 days of their arrival to Jamaica.
8411	The Treasury Department previously designated seven of Moreno's family members, including his wife.
8412	The tree near the center of the photograph is the Great Basin bristlecone pine tree.
8413	The trend of narrow homes dates back to a time when the government taxed residents based on the width of their houses.
8414	The trial is expected to last seven weeks.
8415	"The trickle effect is going to be huge in a negative way," said Woodfin.
8416	The trooper found Garza unconscious.
8417	The truck had to be pulled out of the mud by an armored personnel carrier.
8418	The Trust is an international organizational working to prevent genocide.
8419	The trust offers free treatments to patients with life altering illnesses and was founded by Minster resident Dawn Cockburn in May 2010.
8420	"The truth is Andy Coulson knows exactly what went on on his watch," said Evans during more than five hours of often heated exchanges with Coulson's lawyer Timothy Langdale at London's Old Bailey Court.
8421	The turmoil has also had a major impact on the economy, sending the lira tumbling to record lows almost daily and jeopardising government growth targets.
8422	The twelfth movement, in a startling move, has the soloist vocalize in parallel with the piano theme.
8423	The Twins and Blue Jays will close out the three-game series with a matinee on Wednesday (12:37 p.m. ET).
8424	The Twitter feeds for those two shows have about 2.5 million followers each, while Idol has slightly more than a million.
8425	The two-and-a-half minute clip touches on the relationship between Andrew Garfield's title character and his friend Harry Osborn (Dane DeHaan) before plunging into a frenetic series of action set pieces.
8426	The two cases were so similar the Supreme Court grouped them together.
8427	The two drivers weren't hurt.
8428	The two laughed and held hands while walking across the stage together.
8429	The two leaders spoke Wednesday and the White House says their conversation centered on the impact Syria's civil war was having on Jordan and other neighboring countries.
8430	The two men spent a few minutes on the Rundle Terrace with a view of Mount Rundle and Tunnel Mountain, with the prime minister pointing to areas of interest.
8431	The two men were attacked outside a housing project in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn at a tense time for the NYPD, the largest police force in the country.
8432	The two-point try was no good.
8433	The two-star general could ask to re-interview anyone who can shed light on the case; talking to Bergdahl himself would likely be the last step in this investigation, one official said.
8434	The two stars had just appeared Monday on "Good Morning America" and Rogen guested on "The Colbert Report."
8435	The two were married and moved to Arizona.
8436	"The two were taking off in flight together."
8437	The two younger teens were being held at a juvenile detention center, each on a $1 million bond.
8438	The uber-exclusive, all organic restaurant will be located inside the former Smoke steakhouse space on Melrose in West Hollywood.
8439	The UFW released photographs taken by workers at four Darigold dairies that show injured cows being milked.
8440	The ugly The Jets were unable to scoop up both points but the greatest loss in this one may not come in the standings.
8441	"The Ukrainian border guards numbered about 50 and left towards 5 am today," said Vitaly Bliznyuk, the commander of a group of pro-Russian fighters.
8442	The UN describes this as its first open competition to select members of the public to address world leaders.
8443	The UN employee tested positive on Tuesday and was immediately transferred to an Ebola treatment unit, Karin Landgren, the special representative of UN chief Ban Ki-moon, said.
8444	The unemployment rate does not include them.
8445	The union coalition said the July ruling by the state supreme court, which will ultimately decide the pension reform dispute, "confirms the pension protection clause of the Illinois Constitution is absolute and without exception."
8446	"The unique thing about this event is that we've had two in close succession, and the CMEs could possibly be interacting on their way to Earth, at the Earth's orbit or beyond perhaps — we don't know that yet," Berger said.
8447	The UN is not responsible, and that's one of the big problems.
8448	The United Arab Emirates: "The UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Abu Dhabi released the following statement: ‘The UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirms that the UAE Air Force launched its first strikes against ISIL targets last evening.
8449	The United States, Britain, France and Germany say no more than a few thousand of the machines should be left standing.
8450	The United States is slated to assume the chairmanship next year of the Arctic Council, a forum for eight Arctic nations to discuss regional issues.
8451	The United States launched another round of airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq Friday, using drones and a fighter jets to attack a mortar position and vehicle convoy near Erbil, the Pentagon said.
8452	The United States, which hosts the United Nations, said Iran's candidate Hamid Abutalebi was unacceptable given his role in a 444-day crisis in which radical Iranian students stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran and took 52 Americans hostage.
8453	The university said that they were not aware of the pair’s plan to tour Penghu County and assumed that they were on a trip in Taiwan before they return to France.
8454	The unlikely allies have found common ground, uniting over the topic of environmental regulations.
8455	The UN warned last year that the ivory trade had become an important source of funding for armed groups and was a growing security concern, especially in Cameroon, the Central African Republic, Chad and Gabon.
8456	The updated application is the most recent result of the Peace Corps' effort modernize, which began in 2010.
8457	The upshot, one study found, is that the average motorist spends $601 per year in repair costs.
8458	The U.S. attorneys office sued Heritage Auctions of Texas in June to force it to return a Tyrannosaurus bataar skeleton to the Mongolian government.
8459	The U.S. Central Command in Tampa Thursday confirmed five more strikes against militants' vehicles and checkpoints near the Mosul Dam, bringing the total number of air strikes to 106 over three weeks.
8460	The USDA effort was an attempt to limit the proliferation of french fries on school lunch lines.
8461	The U.S. embassy in Israel did not immediately comment about the planned increase in the Iron Dome deployment on Tuesday.
8462	The U.S. Embassy remains in Tel Aviv.
8463	The use of digital technology to make crowns and other dental restorations is not new.
8464	The use of nanocellulose in the papermaking industry is still in its infancy, but it shows promising results by making paper that is stronger, has a more uniform surface and is less costly to make, said Jabar.
8465	The U.S. Federal Highway Administration gave the Brusaws $850,000 to develop Solar Roadways over the past few years, and build the prototype parking lot.
8466	The U.S. Geological Survey initially reported the quake at 8.0, but later upgraded the magnitude.
8467	"The U.S. military remains the worldwide rapid-response force whether facing a military foe or natural disaster, and they are in need of our support," said Tim Farrell, Chief Operating Officer for the organization.
8468	The U.S. official said the results would be released after the formation of a government under an agreement that the two candidates had reached.
8469	The VA has acknowledged that 23 patients have died as a result of delayed care in recent years.
8470	The VA Inspector General now is investigating 26 locations across the United States, which aides and strategists say will provide a drum beat of news from local media that will fuel voter outrage in battleground states.
8471	The vanishing 'Star Wars' set Parts of the Star Wars films were shot in the Tunisian desert.
8472	The Vatican said earlier this month there were no plans to cancel the trip but confirmed the dispute was "likely to cause complications" in preparing for it.
8473	The vehicles were made over the past decade.
8474	The Ver.di trade union called on its ground staff, baggage handlers and maintenance workers to walk off the job Thursday at big German airports, including Frankfurt, Europe's third-busiest hub.
8475	The Verizon-backed service is telling customers that Instant will shut down just before midnight on October 7th, roughly a year and a half after it got off the ground.
8476	The very public tug-of-war over the body of Sheen, has shocked many Catholics, in part because it seems like something that belongs in another era.
8477	The veterans go through a gamete of problems with the VA."
8478	The vibrant glow of Pudong, a waterfront area in central Shanghai, reflects against the calm waters of China's Huangpu River.
8479	"The vice president should have been more careful."
8480	The victim has been identified as a man, but since his family has not been notified, police have not yet released any more details.
8481	The victim later died.
8482	The victim told deputies her boyfriend has threatened to kill her in the past.
8483	The victim was taken to Grand Strand Regional Medical Center for treatment, Castle said.
8484	The victim was taken to St.Vincent Hospital in serious condition.
8485	The video mirrored other beheading videos shot by the Islamic State group, which now holds territory along the border of Syria and Iraq, and ended with a militant threatening a man they identified as an American named Peter Kassig.
8486	The video recording was posted online on the Carroll County News website and on the CCN Facebook page, where it had been viewed by 132,000 people as of Monday night.
8487	The videos, made public this week, show Tisdale School principal Carmen Perez Dickson dragging two kindergartners through the halls on different occasions, according to Sandra Kase, chief administrative officer for Bridgeport Schools.
8488	The views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies.
8489	The Vikings would take only a $2.4 million hit on their 2015 salary cap if they cut him before next season.
8490	The village administrator says the Headless Horseman also is taking part Friday evening.
8491	The violence "has all the elements that we have seen elsewhere in places like Rwanda, Bosnia.
8492	The visit could have an impact on Britain's political scene.
8493	The visitor’s centre, which sits south of the city on the QEII, was originally opened in 1987.
8494	The visual gags are amusing, ribald and inventive.
8495	The volcano was still spitting clouds of gas and lava as high as 4,000 meters (13,000 feet) in several eruptions Sunday, but no casualties were reported.
8496	The Wallops facility is small compared to major NASA centers like those in Florida, California and Texas.
8497	The Wall Street Journal first reported the existence of the Fulop emails.
8498	The Waratahs will host the Brumbies in an all-Australian semifinal in Sydney next Saturday, while the Sharks will travel to Christchurch to face seven-time champions the Crusaders earlier the same day.
8499	The Washington State Patrol’s Missing and Exploited Task Force began investigating the man after discovering he had allegedly traded 125 child porn images on the Internet.
8500	The water authority in the provincial capital of Nanchang said it found the dead pigs on Saturday in the Ganjiang River, which is a major tributary of the Yangtze.
8501	"The Way Forward is a serious and important political statement and the conversation has just begun - we expect sales to continue well into the Fall election cycle.
8502	The weather system will also bring strong winds — 50 km/h gusting to 70 or 80 km/h — to the region.
8503	The western boundary is at Pine Springs Road.
8504	The West had helped Poland financially and diplomatically because Poland would become the Eastern ramparts of an expanding Nato.
8505	The West Indies pulled out because of an unresolved dispute over pay structure with the West Indies Players Association and WICB.
8506	The West Virginia National Guard planned to distribute bottled drinking water to emergency services agencies in the nine affected counties.
8507	The Wetherspoon-owned business’s bogs cost £100,000.
8508	The White House and State Department directed inquiries to the Justice Department, where spokesman Marc Raimondi said, "Our investigation is active, and we are not going to comment on specific actions to locate the individuals charged in the indictment."
8509	The White House complex, as is standard procedure in such incidents -- which are common -- was locked down and people were prevented from entering and leaving the grounds.
8510	The White House said that jailing journalists because their reporting did not fit the government "narrative" was "a blow to democratic progress in Egypt".
8511	The White House said the images of brutalized bodies were "suggestive of torture and killing on an industrial scale by the Assad regime."
8512	The White House says Biden and Djukanovic discussed the situation in the Balkans as well as Russia's pressure on Ukraine.
8513	The White Sox are right about where we expected them to be this year, despite a number of injuries to key guys.
8514	The White Sox, who hit three home runs in a 9-5 victory Friday night over the Minnesota Twins, are 50-54 and were five games behind in the “race” for the second wild-card spot.
8515	"The whole family was there."
8516	"The whole game I was watching it differently because I knew the possibility was there."
8517	The whole of Brazil must have breathed one enormous sigh of relief.
8518	The win in Monza was Hamilton's sixth victory this season The race, it seemed, and perhaps even the title, had been gifted to Rosberg.
8519	The winners included ticket holders all across the country.
8520	The winners were judged by an esteemed panel of client-side marketers and loyalty experts from renowned brands such as Standard Chartered, P&G, eBay and Kimberly Clark, based on the criteria of challenge, strategy, execution and results.
8521	The win-win includes incentive programs, such as 2-for-1 deals and bonus dollars, that have encouraged Mainers to use their food stamp benefits at farmers’ markets, widening the customer base for markets.
8522	The Wisconsin Professional Police Association, which endorsed Burke, also announced its support of Republican candidate Brad Schimel for attorney general.
8523	The woman had marks on her upper arm and a bump on her head, but declined medical treatment, police said, adding that there was also damage to a wall near the hotel room.
8524	The woman’s face wasn’t visible — only the contours of her body.
8525	The woman was later executed despite a medical report supporting her allegations of torture, HRW said.
8526	The woman, who asked to be identified only as Tatyana because she feared reprisal from the troops, said houses in her village had been hit by return fire in previous days.
8527	The women, as the researchers explained, felt their husbands were not reciprocating the same level of desire to maintain a strong connection in the marriage, which made them susceptible to finding that connection elsewhere.
8528	The "wonder-material" (a one-atom-thick sheet of carbon) has been championed for use in condoms and microscopes.
8529	The word itself, meaning "spiderweb" in the Guarani language, aptly describes the weavers' geometric patterns but not the rainbow of colors that embellish their designs.
8530	The words are from Gus Melbourne, and printed in William “Cocktail” Boothby’s 1908 guide to “The World’s Drinks and How To Mix Them.”
8531	The words are spelled as followed illegals and being. art doyle June 30, 2014 at 06:51 AM Dwayne- are you trying to kill the discussion.
8532	The world could use a little laughter right now."
8533	The World Health Organisation has warned of immediate and critical risks in Nineveh, Salah A-Din and Diyala, including the spread of measles, which is endemic in Mosul.
8534	The World Health Organization on Friday recorded 16 cases in the country, saying 12 have been confirmed and there are four suspected.
8535	The world is full of ideas — many of them excellent — in technology, sustainability and governance; unfortunately, the capacity to build consensus and to roll out effective programs is much rarer.
8536	The world's first GSM call, made on a Nokia handset in 1991.
8537	"The worst case scenarios played out over and over in our heads," she wrote.
8538	The wreck was found in 1888 by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, the predecessor of NOAA.
8539	The WRHA has extended hours at its two QuickCare Clinics to cope with the flu inundation.
8540	The write-down, which included 3.1 billion euros for non-performing loans, widened Intesa's fourth-quarter loss to 5.2 billion euros ($7 billion) from 83 million euros a year earlier.
8541	The WWF is celebrating its 50th anniversary and is drawing attention to the fact that only 1,600 panda bears remain in the wild.
8542	They act as a preview for the patient, and help the dentist communicate with the dental lab exactly how the final product needs to look, in color and shape.
8543	They all face separate disciplinary charges in military courts.
8544	"They all said there was no political will to have an institution that functioned normally and accountably," Salarzai said.
8545	They also bet future investors will want to see seasoned leaders in place.
8546	They also have a large selection of pre-made items like incredibly fresh seafood spring rolls (try the poached salmon or shrimp) and seafood salads that make for a refreshing and healthful meal on the quick.
8547	They also say the Clendenin Volunteer Fire Department has the spill secured to keep it out of drains.
8548	They also work with at-risk individuals to develop a plan to reject violence, whether that be through anger management, job training or substance abuse programs.
8549	"They are accustomed to life in the village, with their relatives and their husband, so they get depressed when they are away and feel pressure to return to handle the matter perhaps with customary justice practices," he said.
8550	They are actually relatively common, which is why astronomers rely on radio and infrared astronomy.
8551	“They are all listed in stable condition,” she said.
8552	They are also less likely to die in childbirth and more likely to have healthy children.
8553	They are always busy - always doing something, yet their results were dismal.
8554	They are estimating full containment Saturday.
8555	“(They are) extremely impressive.”
8556	“They are literally outgunned by an ISIS that is fighting with hundreds of millions of dollars of U.S. military equipment seized from the Iraqi army who abandoned it,” said Khedery, referring to the Islamic State using a term by which it is also known.
8557	They are more powerful now than al Qaeda was on 9/11."
8558	They are not giving up on their children.
8559	They are pretty big on the line and have a tall receiver.
8560	They are ready to be harvested and put into the icehouse at Rockywold-Deephaven Camp.
8561	They are tasked with assisting the AU in its fight against the Islamist group al-Shabab.
8562	They are thugs Diana Vodden Larson 5pts Nancy you are as bad as the thugs in ferguson that are destroying the city!
8563	They are trying to hammer out a long-term deal that would gradually lift sanctions against Tehran in exchange for curbs on its nuclear program.
8564	They are working at a level some of them never reached in high school, even if they did well in math.
8565	They argued that warning signs should be present year-round, as St. Malo is one of 80 unsupervised provincial park beaches in Manitoba.
8566	They believe the Cubs are prepared to address their rotation needs elsewhere — although where that might be isn’t clear.
8567	"They broke something in the process," he said.
8568	They came in the middle of the pack.
8569	They close the door.
8570	They contacted the Coast Guard and gave a distress report, and the PCG sought the assistance of the 15th Company of the 4th Special Forces Battalion who is stationed at Tabuk, Isabela City.
8571	They could have ignored it, done what was right and told someone.
8572	They created a laminated "cheat sheet," with one sentence on the front and benefits of the service on the back.
8573	They currently have no plans to move from their home near East Farleigh bridge, which they describe as "perfect" despite having downsized after Mr Home was made redundant during Desirée's treatment.
8574	They'd be out in the parking lot crying and just begging for the cops to shoot the suspect and get their child back safely.
8575	They dedicate so much time, money and energy to local charities and non-profit organizations that it’s tear inducing.
8576	They definitely took it to us in the third, and they were able to get a bounce on the winning goal and put it in the back of the net."
8577	They described her as pleasant.
8578	They did not know whether the program could be expanded that much that quickly," Chou said.
8579	They didn't give no explanation.
8580	“They didn’t have the road blocked off yet, so pedestrians and cars were just driving through,” he said.
8581	They didn’t know how things grow,” Inslee says.
8582	“They didn’t make it,” she said.
8583	"They differ very much among themselves," said Bank.
8584	They do not contradict the party line of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic who is well known for his revanchist impulsiveness.
8585	They don’t read the statutes, so how do they know how it is going to be administered.”
8586	"They encountered a male and a female that were having some sort of issue; it wasn't a violent domestic disturbance," Adams said.
8587	The "yes" campaign has said it intends for Scotland to remain part of the Common Travel Area, which allows free movement for citizens of the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.
8588	They even do not want to do it.
8589	They eventually split into two groups when it became clear that there were not enough lifeboats nor communication tools to call for help.
8590	They expect the index will likely fall back next month.
8591	They face grave danger as they detour through an area under the control of the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group, which has seized large areas in Syria and neighbouring Iraq.
8592	They failed miserably as well and it is now Iran that is an influential foreign power in Baghdad.
8593	They filled the game with interesting Easter Eggs to find.
8594	They found a 52-year-old man who had been stabbed to death.
8595	They found that the supplement did have some positive effects on the pregnant females, such as an improvement in their metabolism and placental blood flow, as well as reduced placental inflammation.
8596	"They gave absolutely everything -- they fought fantastically well for their point.
8597	They go into bag feed, for animals.
8598	They had a lot of great language around the last change," in 2005, Syverson said.
8599	They had had talks like this before, where they talked about needing to change, but something was different that night.
8600	They had just begun their act in Providence, Rhode Island on May 4 when the carabiner clip snapped, sending them plummeting to the ground more than 4.5 metres below.
8601	They had not been torn from the ground.
8602	They had taken passports and $2,000 US in cash from the sisters' parents' home.
8603	They had won two straight and five of seven.
8604	They have 19 returning starters, Pro Bowl stars on both sides of the ball and enough depth to contend in a division that has presented playoff opportunities for all four teams in recent seasons.
8605	They have a history here,” Schmidt said, “and they were aware that it was all going to be torn down.”
8606	" They have a lot of chemistry from playing together" in the minors, Carter said.
8607	They have also turned to lightly regulated compounding pharmacies.
8608	“They have always been willing to answer questions, and I expect they will in this case, as well.”
8609	They have campaigned to keep her name and image in public view and have pleaded for anyone with information on the disappearance to come forward.
8610	They have doubled their force with help from the state.
8611	They have election campaigns to pay for.
8612	They have for 250 years, starting when Benjamin Franklin railed against the Germans in the mid-1700s.
8613	They have one daughter together.
8614	They have the ability to turn into any cell in the body.
8615	"They held us to 15 points in the first half at our place,'' Sancomb recalled.
8616	They hope some shuffling on their offensive line can correct some of those problems.
8617	They include human rights leader Archbishop Desmond Tutu, musician Neil Young and Oscar-winning film director James Cameron.
8618	They include Youssef Nada, a prominent businessman and Muslim Brotherhood financier who lives in Europe and his close friend, Syria-born Ali Ghalib Himmat, also a Brotherhood member.
8619	They innovate, they push, they are visionaries.
8620	They just don’t stop fighting,” Bochy said.
8621	“They just keep grinding.
8622	"They kept their cool and showed restraint under the most extreme circumstances imaginable," Voreqe Bainimarama said.
8623	“They know they cannot rule that area without the cooperation of the tribes and when you look at the pattern of what happened before that’s how the control of al Qaeda and Zarqawi fell apart because they alienated them," Tripp said.
8624	They later found Gardner's pistol in his car.
8625	They learned otherwise when supporters appeared, shouting in victory outside their house.
8626	They lounge in their room and watch TV.
8627	"They may find his body somewhere, but like I said, he was killed there.
8628	They miscommunicated and "inadvertently sent the mother-in-law down while the male was still on the line," Heu said.
8629	They need to compete as well as cooperate with their competitors.
8630	They need to have time re-calibrating back into life.
8631	They now have almost 23,000 people who want to be heard on this issue, who care passionately about what happened, if I were them I would start listening.
8632	The young prince is looking toward the family's pet dog, Lupo.
8633	They point to witness testimony and leaked grand jury documents that suggest Brown may have attacked Wilson, struggled for his gun and perhaps even charged the officer after the tussle over the weapon.
8634	“They’re a factor,” coach Paul Maurice said about penalties.
8635	They're also asking the ECB for more cash than the ECB expected they would want.
8636	They're also calling for better record keeping, more training for social workers, and more analysis to determine whether Child and Family Services is staffed and funded properly.
8637	They're also working on an app that will act as a timer for smartphone users.
8638	“They're looking for that fellow now and I wish them happy hunting.
8639	They renewed their call for U.S. President Barack Obama to become more involved in securing his release, saying the recent trade of five Taliban terrorism suspects for U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl was one model for how to bring him home.
8640	They're obviously drunk, and don't appear to be under duress.
8641	"They're out in the community without being under supervision, we want them and we want them to be back in good standing with supervision," said Aylward.
8642	They re-signed Jeremiah Ratliff for two years and $4 million and Nate Collins for one year at $730,001.
8643	“They’re using compassion as a smokescreen for a larger agenda."
8644	They said BPI might not like the phrase pink slime, but like all ground beef, it's pink and has a slimy texture.
8645	They said he had an open-door policy where people were always welcome to drop by for a home-cooked meal or a roof over their head.
8646	They said it “In terms of team spirit and togetherness, this is the best group I've worked with.”
8647	They said Peter Lefebvre came to them on March 25, four days earlier than the lawsuit alleges, saying he had been clinically depressed for three years and considered suicide.
8648	They said that he had told his bosses before departing that he needed to take leave to study for exams.
8649	They said they didn’t have my number,” Radosh said.
8650	They say he's ready for more responsibility.
8651	They say the little girl died of medical problems complicated by unusual eating habits that included periods of binging and self-starvation.
8652	They say yellow powder and what looked like feces were found in boxes containing the product.
8653	They seemed far less invasive than a face-lift.
8654	They severely criticized the novel combination of two drugs used in the procedure.
8655	They should help you work out you first tentative steps into the world of Destiny (at least until level 8, at which point the Beta stops because you will have to pay for this one day.
8656	They so shamelessly ripped off Apple’s intellectual property when they created these iPhone knock offs that they call Galaxy or Note.
8657	They step in and babysit everything for me for the weekend.
8658	They still have many of the same employees.
8659	They sure don't seem to be too worried about educating, feeding and housing anyone once they leave the womb.
8660	They take classes in dance, music, photography, theater and juggling and often put on performances for each other.
8661	They teamed up again in a 2007 sequel.
8662	They tend to have hardier musculoskeletal systems and cardiac systems, he added.
8663	They they closed it down and crime on the Overlook area dropped back to what it was before the bridge was built.
8664	They turned out for a primary runoff with no Democratic candidate involved.
8665	They've been told their insurance provider, Red River Mutual, won't cover the damage, which is expected to cost thousands of dollars.
8666	“They've done dozens of studies and they all pretty well say the same, why do five or six studies,” he said.
8667	They've succeeded in doing that," said Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn. Cruz: You want to lose elections?
8668	They want 5.5 percent.
8669	“They wanted the money now,” he says.
8670	They want the amount of money they lent you having interest.
8671	They were able to pick up a lot of ideas and new ways to be effective in their game.
8672	They were also accused of using forged letters to deceive ATL Chairman Gordon 'Butch' Stewart that consent had been obtained.
8673	They were given raincoats instead to protect them from the elements as they gathered on the airport tarmac.
8674	They were held Wednesday on $1 million bond each.
8675	They were introduced to each other by Abdullah Al-Faisal, a radical Muslim hate preacher who had previously been imprisoned for four years at Long Lartin prison on Worcestershire.
8676	They were living off that money and the income from spring crops sold at their off-site Edgewood home.
8677	They were my nursery.
8678	They were not armed.
8679	They weren’t sure exactly what day she was due to arrive, but they knew that this day was too early; the midwife shook her head with fading hope that the infant would make it.
8680	"They were open for business," Brace told Reuters.
8681	They were rusty.
8682	They were simply morphing into people who abused other drugs.
8683	"They were so into grades and being told what to do, and they thought quarterly book projects were fine," she said.
8684	They were terrific guys.
8685	They will atrophy unless you use them, and will never increase unless you push them.
8686	They will be evaluated by a panel of 44 judges.
8687	They will begin offering their services in a few weeks on September 23rd.
8688	They will be included in a new book Yeager was finishing, scheduled for publication in September, celebrating the 60th anniversary of Yeager's first photo shoots with Page, Christin said.
8689	They will not be deployed all at once.
8690	They will not get through us," said protester Ron Thompson.
8691	They won an unprecedented 14 straight division titles and made 15 playoff appearances, winning the city's lone major professional sports title.
8692	“They would bring in all their own facilities and they would do their drilling and they would float away.”
8693	Thick black smoke was seen billowing from several windows on the upper floors of the building and the Paris fire service deployed 16 fire engines and 60 firefighters to the scene.
8694	Thier, who will report to Tom Dunlap, Baha Mar’s President, will lead the resort company’s legal team as well as assume a key role on the company’s executive committee.
8695	Thieves I guess are what they always are: opportunists!
8696	"Things are still sketchy with lots of holes and varying statements," Allen Manasseh, a brother of one of the missing schoolgirls, told The Associated Press by telephone.
8697	Think Fannie & Freddie at the heart of today's economic disaster as well as bailouts.
8698	Think fuel efficient.
8699	ThinOptics reading glasses are available on the company's website as well as at eye care providers throughout the U.S. The Apple and Samsung cases including glasses retail for $38.95 and the Universal Pod with glasses retails for $24.95.
8700	Thirdly, since making public statements about moving registered offices south of the border in the event of a "Yes" vote, the share prices in a number of those banks have recovered.
8701	Thirteen more servicemen sent to search for the missing fliers also vanished.
8702	Thirty-seven percent of Americans reject this consensus, saying that climate change is most likely caused by natural fluctuations.
8703	This $395 wireless module serves as a bridge between your camera and other wireless devices, letting you use a smartphone, tablet or computer to operate your cam.
8704	This affects comments on all stories.
8705	"This affects not just movies, this affects every part of business that we have."
8706	This ancestor may have even been able to walk underwater, they added.
8707	"This attack, along with other breaches of international law, must be swiftly investigated and those responsible held accountable," the U.N. chief said.
8708	This award is based on patient reviews and ratings on aspects of their care such as bedside manner, doctor-patient face time, and degree of follow-up.
8709	This beef Wellington comes from the Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris Las Vegas.
8710	This before-and-after image, provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, shows what is purported to be an ISIS command center that was targeted by airstrikes in Raqqa, Syria.
8711	This book is the natural progression for Joan Ryan.
8712	This bulb emits only white light, but it's reportedly very bright.
8713	This can lead to diabetes in some people.
8714	This carry-on suitcase connects wirelessly to your smartphone, which then allows you to weigh, lock, unlock, locate, and even track your suitcase as it moves through the airport.
8715	This child almost died and we're fortunate that we got there, we had the alert citizen that contacted us and we were able to save a life."
8716	This combination can give terrible results unless great care is exercised," he said, citing examples of violent conflicts in the past in Ivory Coast and Africa's Great Lakes region.
8717	This commercial was filmed before the NFC Championship game.
8718	This content comes from Closed Captioning that was broadcast along with this program.
8719	This couple wasn't expecting that, and now they have to deal with it," says Rachel Dube, who owns a youth sports business in New York.
8720	“This courageous step forward on immigration paves the way for a more just economic system, that will assist various marginalized communities in finishing their footing in the American economy and American society.”
8721	This course will introduce some new information as well as some new fun and effective tactics.
8722	This creates a much broader, scarier attack surface.
8723	This discovery leads to the financial ruin of the family and the psychological breakdown of Jasmine, who decided to move from her sister in San Francisco.
8724	This drives at the heart of the electoral dilemma for more than 186 million eligible voters, more than 73% of whom went to the parliamentary polls on April 4. While Jokowi is likable, humble, and honest, Prabowo looks more like a natural leader.
8725	This echoes a growing worry from many quarters of the immediate and longer term impact the Ebola crisis will have on malaria, especially given those countries in the heart of the Ebola crisis are some of the world's most malarious.
8726	"This election defeated al-Qaida and the ISIL," al-Maliki said, referring to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, a splinter al-Qaida group whose fighters are battling government security forces in Anbar, a mainly Sunni province west of Baghdad.
8727	This envoy and some other Western diplomats say, however, the U.S. and European Union sanctions have not had their full impact yet.
8728	This event happens countless times on countless courts, ruining the days of weekend warriors and pros alike.
8729	This exclusive Engel feature protects the inside of the bag and, best of all, makes for easy clean up at the end of the trip.
8730	This featured section is for the enjoyment of our readers.
8731	This feeling led to protests in the country's northwest, which were exploited by ISIS for its cause.
8732	This girl has messed up totally, amazingly, hideously, jaw-dropping bad.
8733	This happens because companies' net income is being cut into fewer slices.
8734	This happens because the moon faces directly opposite the sun during a full moon, and in June, the sun is the highest it’ll be all year in the Northern Hemisphere, while the moon is at its lowest in the sky, getting that honeybaked glow from the sun.
8735	"This has not been necessary up to now because the event has been problem-free, but we will change our approach following this weekend’s complaints."
8736	This high cost of living means that home builders have to pay higher wages and charge more for their homes.
8737	This image of sea ice in the Gulf of Bothnia off the coast of Lulea, Sweden was taken on April 26, 2 … The constellation is designed to be flexible, as each satellite's software can be reprogrammed easily from the ground, company officials say.
8738	This image was permanently imprinted in my brain, and it would change my life forever," Cook said.
8739	This immaturity spells trouble when it comes to saving money and making plans down the road."
8740	“This improbable group of players refuses to quit, and whether they win ugly or win with walk-offs, it just keeps rolling,” Lee said in a prepared statement.
8741	"This is a champagne moment for Florida voters, who have waited too long for fairly drawn congressional districts," said Deirdre Macnab, president of the League of Women Voters of Florida.
8742	This is a change in strategy, but not an unforeseeable one.
8743	"This is a contradiction with the principle of life that the convention itself should support recommending that children be protected before and after birth," said the Vatican.
8744	This is a court of record.
8745	"This is a dramatic part of that evolution."
8746	"This is a huge, major undertaking," she said.
8747	This is amazing and will greatly improve the dignity and lives of people with disabilities!
8748	This is a much better start to our spending for 2014.
8749	"This is an all too common thing we see daily, weekly," said Tino Klironomos with PC Medic.
8750	"This is an exceptionally emotional issue for veterans," White said.
8751	This is an historic and significant initiative (I believe) in the interest of the Bahamian people.
8752	This is another one of our unusual eccentricity that keeps us different from the rest of the country.
8753	"This is a question about the credibility of the CIA and what they said about the effectiveness of this program," said CBS News National Security Analyst Juan Zarate.
8754	"This is a special opportunity for us, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity," she said.
8755	"This is a team that has put up a spectacular performance," Czech Republic coach Alois Hadamczik said.
8756	This is a team with Super Bowl expectations.
8757	"This is a time for experimenting with the social networking, figuring out how it can work for your organization," Brown says.
8758	This is a traumatizing experience."
8759	“This is chlorine, and ammonia and sulphur,” said Edmonton Fire Chief Ken Block.
8760	"This is clear proof of the real picture of the US as a tundra of human rights, where extreme racial discrimination acts are openly practised," the spokesman was quoted as saying by the North's official KCNA news agency.
8761	“This is crazy,” Mississauga Centre MP Carolyn Parrish said at the time.
8762	This is if you have lost the taxi receipt or taken a source out for a meal and what turned out to be £85 worth of champagne.
8763	This is important: it is not your job to uphold, with perfect equity and grace, all of the elements that went into your making," Miller said.
8764	This is in well preserved condition as are all of the pieces in this outstanding sale.
8765	This is just a ridiculous..
8766	“This is like they arrest 800,000 people in the Hebron area — look at the checkpoints.”
8767	This is more so true for those who stay in the gym for hours, taking one class after another, and then weight lifting or running on the treadmill to try to burn as many calories as possible.
8768	This is not going to be an easy task but we need a strong mandate in order to seek the best solutions supported by a stable consensus.
8769	This is not to rationalize Sherman’s angry rant; rather, to point out the dichotomy of his job on and off the field.
8770	"This is not very good, but it could also possibly play into our hands," he said.
8771	This isn’t going down well with Magnuson frequenters, who wonder if the Navy cleanup shouldn't expand its cleanup from isolated parts to the whole park.
8772	“This is one of 115 unmarked soldiers we have located here in Oregon, and have been able to mark in the last eight to ten years.
8773	"This is one of the first times we're actually here talking about cutting services with these budget cuts," he said.
8774	This is pretty poor reporting.
8775	"This is proper cellar wine, not the rubbish you get in the supermarkets."
8776	This is quite the opposite to how he and Hannah were brought up, with working class parents who instilled a strong work ethic.
8777	This is selective morality that’s being practiced here,” McCain said on the Senate floor.
8778	"This is something on which the Russians are continuing to keep up the pressure on the regime."
8779	This is the first time Russia will host the Winter Olympics, but the Soviet Union (USSR) also hosted the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in Moscow.
8780	This is the flip side of the first entry.
8781	This is the fourth consecutive year the Canadian Automobile Association has asked drivers to point out the worst roads in the region.
8782	"This is the history of Egypt. They are distorting it.
8783	"This is the last warning for CY Leung!
8784	This is the moment two angry squirrels went head-to-head in a spectacular fight over food.
8785	"This is the most barbaric they've done so far."
8786	"This is the third largest, and fastest growing expenditure in our budget."
8787	This is truly a very special moment to me."
8788	This is what Sochi got right: Mascots!
8789	This is why Gen Y culture is so different from Boomer culture.
8790	This is why I and all my clients wear pedometers, a tiny device which measures your steps.
8791	This is why people should not text while driving.
8792	This, I think, is what I had done.
8793	This itself can lead to more tailgating, speeding, sudden accelerations and changing lanes without signaling, all of which can, in turn, lead to accidents.
8794	This just in from Fox News- "It's Obama's fault!
8795	This lasted for almost 20 years before he moved it into a dry box along with his camera.
8796	This left room for just one new entry, Lizzy Caplan, for “Masters of Sex.”
8797	This looks familiar.
8798	This made circumbinary planets in the inner parts of binary systems unlikely, they said.
8799	"This makes for grim reading," said Razia Khan, Africa's regional head of research for Standard Chartered Bank.
8800	This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
8801	This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
8802	This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without prior permission.
8803	This may explain why Mitt, a film about an unbeloved presidential loser, became a Sundance hit.
8804	This means that Cameroon's government also has a significant interest in cooperating with Nigeria.
8805	This month it attacked the social media properties of Skype, Microsoft's Internet phone unit, and several other Microsoft social media pages and blogs, including the Microsoft Office Blogs site.
8806	This mosaic of M31 merges 330 individual images taken by the Ultraviolet/Optical Telescope aboard NASA's Swift spacecraft.
8807	This mouse is worth nearly $1 billion.
8808	This NASA view combines two images from NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory captured on Jan. 7, 2014.
8809	This new building was used as the high school until 1969, and is currently being used as the Ramona Unified School District administration center.
8810	This not only negates their ability to create value and long-term financial security but also becomes toxic when mixed with succession and exit planning.
8811	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.
8812	This particularly concerns the Rastafari movement, mainly based in Jamaica, but also other people across the Caribbean.
8813	This past year she worked more and now I am afraid they will deduct the the full amount and tell her she does not qualify at all.
8814	This piece of technical insanity now has to be completely redesigned and rebuilt.
8815	This point is at the core of the government's main anti-Hobby Lobby argument.
8816	This protester says she supports whale rehabilitation, but says they should then be released.
8817	This proves how useless the war was," said Belgian schoolteacher Els Chalmet as she led a group of pupils visiting Tyne Cot.
8818	This requires big money for top universities and a new curriculum for schools. 3— A global currency realignment, with China’s yuan rising against the dollar, is necessary to price US exports competitively.
8819	This season the Shockers were focused on not letting that happen.
8820	This seductive philosophy is slowly dismantling the once creative momentum that the US economy was once known for.
8821	This shot, however, is unique.
8822	This should not be a surprise to anyone.
8823	This show is also part of the Epitonic Chicago Deep Freeze Festival so if you want to see various music and comedy between Subterranean and Double Door from Jan. 31 through Feb. 1 you can get passes here.
8824	This site requires cookies be enabled, please click here for instructions.
8825	“This speaks to a trend and the strength of Chandler’s (economy),” she said.
8826	This story has been viewed 1310 times.
8827	This story has been viewed 361 times.
8828	This story has been viewed 415 times.
8829	This story has been viewed 425 times.
8830	This story has been viewed 426 times.
8831	This story has been viewed 435 times.
8832	This story has been viewed 518 times.
8833	This story has been viewed 550 times.
8834	This story has been viewed 597 times.
8835	This story has been viewed 613 times.
8836	This story has been viewed 625 times.
8837	This story has been viewed 705 times.
8838	This story has been viewed 715 times.
8839	This story has been viewed 725 times.
8840	This story has been viewed 777 times.
8841	This story originally appeared on Minyanville.
8842	This story was originally published on LearnVest.
8843	This story was published by The Center for Public Integrity, a nonprofit, nonpartisan investigative news organization in Washington, D.C. Click to view comments Retrial, Really?
8844	This summer he begins work on a new full-length album.
8845	This time around, it's nothing less than 4K.
8846	This time, she ends up crossing paths with a priest (James Earl Jones) and then Difiore (Ann Dowd, who was so wonderful in the 2012 film "Compliance").
8847	This trio of cheetahs is practically posing for the camera in South Africa's Kruger National Park.
8848	This type of thinking lessens guilt and recognizes the fact that foods have different impacts on our health.
8849	"This victory is very sweet," said Hardee, who didn't finish his two decathlons last year at the U.S. and the world championships due to injuries.
8850	This was Capone's first prison sentence, for carrying a concealed and deadly weapon, and he spent his time in a cell on Park Avenue Block with fine furniture, a cabinet radio and other luxuries.
8851	This wasn't a uniform issue," said Brown.
8852	This was the first French college and a lot of our leaders graduated here."
8853	This was the top priority of our agency."
8854	This was the toughest question on the survey.
8855	This week, Alintah joined another unenviable group: He is among the millions who are out of work but no longer receiving unemployment benefits.
8856	This weekend Germany will officially celebrate amateur football for the first time.
8857	This weekend's other new wide release, "Before I Go To Sleep," opened outside the top 10, as expected.
8858	THIS weekend’s three-day Sasquatch! music festival at the Gorge Amphitheatre near Quincy is expected to be another boisterous party for 25,000 concertgoers — and another huge headache for the tiny hospital 17 miles away.
8859	THIS WEEK'S VIOLENCE: China angered Vietnam on May 1 by towing a massive drilling platform run by a state-owned company near to the Paracel group claimed by both sides.
8860	This week, Swinimer received four calls for fawns that weren't in trouble.
8861	This will be an alarmingly bold conversation in the current paradigm, but for those of us who hunger for truth and can intuit the path to freedom, it will be an ecstatic unveiling.
8862	"This will help us better equip those working on the ground so they can tackle the outbreak as effectively as possible and prevent more people contracting this terrible disease."
8863	This will hopefully fill some of your dinosaur void while the museum's fossil and dinosaur hall is undergoing renovation until 2019.
8864	This will include a screening of The True Glory, the epic filmed record of the June 6 invasion that was a joint production of the U.S. Office of War Information and the British Ministry of Information.
8865	This year, about 30 agencies are involved throughout Spokane County.
8866	This year Niemeier expects revenue to reach about $1.7 million, down slightly from $1.8 million last year.
8867	This year, police are expecting about 36,000 runners and up to a million spectators.
8868	This year she is playing the two guard for Mike Giordano, who was hired after Cote resigned due to health issues.
8869	This year's revised line-up of bowl names stems in part from college football's new system for determining a national champion.
8870	This year we also roll out the tour to Europe for the first time, visiting 18 major cities over 21 dates.
8871	Thomas finished with seven catches for 134 yards, Julius Thomas added eight grabs for 85 yards and Eric Decker chipped in five receptions on his way to 73 yards for Denver.
8872	Thomas had no catches in the first half, and Gase wanted to get him going.
8873	Thompson converted to Islam two years ago and then at some point self-radicalized, John Miller, the NYPD's deputy counterterrorism chief, told reporters Friday.
8874	Thompson said he also kicked in a door to another business and used his lighter to set two kiosks on fire.
8875	Thomsen said City Light has worked out an agreement with White to set up a payment plan of $88.07 a month.
8876	Thorp has also worked at CBS News.
8877	"Those apprehended at our border are priorities for removal," Johnson said.
8878	Those factors have hurt the sales of Sound Spirits, a Capitol Hill craft distillery.
8879	Those games were the catalyst for a far-reaching makeover of Tokyo and marked Japan's reemergence as an Asian power following its defeat in World War II.
8880	“Those guys just helped me get to where I am right now.
8881	Those on the ballot on Tuesday include: Dennis Gorski faces Melissa A. Reese on the Democrat and Independent tickets for Cheektowaga Town Justice.
8882	Those players, presumably including Browns receiver Josh Gordon, who is suspended for the season, and Broncos receiver Wes Welker (four games), would be subject to standards of the new policies.
8883	Those savings are now certain.
8884	Those sentences included 15 years for two counts of manslaughter and building the bombs used in both attacks.
8885	Those that sell wine by the glass hope to recoup the cost of the entire bottle within two glasses, at most.
8886	Those who are not 'priority patients' hang onto long waiting lists.
8887	Though combat missions will officially end later this year, Obama is leaving behind about 10,000 U.S. troops to train Afghan security forces and try to push back extremists.
8888	Though everyone recognizes that mobility is a leap in convenience, cell phones are the worst case in point, he notes: Mobile phones offer the most obvious recent example of this increase.
8889	Though he is not thought to have travelled to Syria himself, investigators say he inspired others to go there.
8890	Though he was eventually cleared by a judge who described the images as innocent pictures of children acting playful after a bath, the school subsequently suspended, reassigned and fired him for reasons that weren't made public at the time.
8891	Though its fifth season has already been filmed and the show featuring the breakout star of "Toddlers and Tiaras" was still a cash cow for the network, today TLC told TMZ that it wouldn't be airing those episodes.
8892	Though Mackey says she's not ashamed of her unconventional part-time job, she doesn't make a habit of telling everyone about it.
8893	Though TFIOS may showcase a more precarious “what if?”
8894	Though the Colorado native (shown) is the familiar blue and white, cultivars include dwarf variety 'Red Hobbit' and multihued 'Origami Mix.'
8895	Though the remains were found upriver, past densely-populated shoreline and the Rikers Island jail, the East River is a tidal strait with strong currents that reverse flow many times a day.
8896	Though the US is the only nation to gather for a family meal on the fourth Thursday in November, people from London to Leipzig to London, Ontario, are starting to rush to big box stores the following day.
8897	Though you may see the shiny new cars rolling through stations, you can't ride them yet—they're still being tested.
8898	Thousands of flawless seashells washed up on Waihi Beach, New Zealand, one brisk winter morning.
8899	Thousands of Giants fans arrived before dawn to grab a prime viewing location for the World Series victory parade and rally.
8900	Thousands of Islamists have already been arrested and hundreds killed, with authorities accusing the group of being behind militant violence.
8901	Thrasher is the Co-Founder and Co-Owner of Progressive Rising Phoenix Press with business partner, Jannifer Powelson - Co-Founder and Co-Owner.
8902	Three hours later, a Lane County Sheriff's Deputy spotted the suspect, identified as William Car Mann, 39, of Dexter, as he came out onto Marcola Road near the Springfield Country Club.
8903	Three military officers confirmed that Iraqi forces had reached the refinery, 200 kilometres (120 miles) north of Baghdad, where security forces have been surrounded and under repeated attack since June.
8904	Three people have been shot, but none of the victims suffered life-threatening injuries.
8905	Three-time winner Frankie Dettori believes "you can name 10 horses that can win this year".
8906	Three weeks ago, I argued that if politicians want to connect with the American people over this coming election cycle, they will need to dial down the drama.
8907	Three weeks ago, when Vallejo heard the audiotaped conversation that was leaked to TMZ and saw pictures of Stiviano, he recalled the visit to his home.
8908	Through all of it, Nungesser has hovered in the background like a specter.
8909	Through a weekly publication and an online presence, Fourth Estate covers everything from the Board of Visitors to the next concert coming to the Patriot Center.
8910	"Through careful evaluation and preventive care, I can work with patients to maintain their vision."
8911	Through his private practice, he treats patients' upper and lower extremity injuries, which often include arthroscopy of the knee, ankle, shoulder, elbow, and carpal tunnel.
8912	Through June, more than 90,000 residential and business customers owed nearly $90 million.
8913	Through one-on-one talk therapy, Pickup said, his clients seek differing levels of success in their reparative counseling.
8914	Through one stretch, the Texas A&M alumnus completed 14 consecutive passes, including two touchdown tosses, as Oakland utterly failed to stop any facet of the Miami attack.
8915	Through two rounds no one is in shouting distance.
8916	Throw the book at her.
8917	Thursday's announcements sent RBS shares tumbling 8.25 percent to 324.8 pence in afternoon deals on London's FTSE 100 index, which was down 0.10 percent.
8918	Ticketability.com has a large selection of tickets always available for online customers.
8919	Tickets for each of the four events are $75.
8920	"Ties with Russia offer us full security guarantees and broad opportunities for socio-economic development," Abkhazian President Raul Khadzhimba said.
8921	Tim Hardaway Jr. may play a larger role come 2014-15, and he's totaled 36 points while hitting 6 of 12 from beyond the arc over the past two games.
8922	T-Mobile was in even more dire straits than Sprint is now before CEO John Legere took over the company a year ago and launched its wildly popular "Uncarrier" motto.
8923	To access the bridge, drivers will need to take Highway 25 west to Highway 2 near St. Louis.
8924	"To a community in Ferguson that is rightly hurting and looking for answers, let me call once again for us to seek some understanding rather than simply holler at each other.
8925	"To be able to handle that smack in the face in the first half, and come back and deliver one of our own says a lot about our group," Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan said.
8926	To be eligible for tryouts an athlete must have: 1. A current school sports physical, less than a year old.
8927	To benefit from this promo, customers only have to follow Mailrelay on their official social profiles: Twitter, Facebook and Google+ and notify the company by any of those social networks or their contact form.
8928	To bring Sunnis around and check ISIS, we may have to not only concede influence to Iran but also to some pretty bad Sunnis, including former Saddam supporters and insurgents.
8929	Toby Bell is not so fortunate, despite help from the angelic but practical Emily.
8930	To calculate the COLA, the Social Security Administration compares the average price index for July, August and September with the price index for the same three months in the previous year.
8931	To compare women with themselves before and after chemo, as well as with other women, Deprez and her colleagues at the University Hospital Gasthuisberg of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI).
8932	To complement that core, England have a handful of players who have already demonstrated they have the aptitude for Test cricket, but must now be given the chance to show they can deliver on a consistent basis.
8933	To curb PM.25, or fine particulate matter, major industrial polluters will have to shave emissions by 4,500 tons in a plan that is phased in over five years and is expected to bring Utah into "attainment" by 2019.
8934	To date, maintaining a special prosecutor has cost the county nearly $100,000.
8935	Today her celebrity has grown.
8936	Today, I am doing well.
8937	Today is Friday, Sept. 19, the 262nd day of 2014 with 103 to follow.
8938	Today it's being said that the new Palestinian government is a technocratic government, which doesn't represent Hamas.
8939	Today's high is 90 degrees, while Tuesday's will be 93, Wednesday's 98, Thursday back down to 90, and then a nice cool down on Friday with a high of 86 degrees.
8940	Today, Tacoma high schools have gay-straight alliance clubs and openly gay and lesbians teachers walk the halls.
8941	Today, the partnership is involved in the acquisition, development and marketing of high-quality residential and commercial properties throughout Southwest Florida.
8942	Today the Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec (RAMQ) released a statement claiming Bolduc collected premiums for patients he has not followed up with at least once in a 12-month period, as is required of all family physicians.
8943	Today, there's a "green primary."
8944	Today, the sites still offer little beyond a fish cleaning station, communal restrooms and showers, a boat dock, an access road.
8945	"Today, we are taking steps to further strengthen the federal background check system.
8946	Today, we attend the French American Commemoration in Colleville, the site of the American cemetery.
8947	Todd Frazier scored from first on Joey Votto's opposite-field double to left.
8948	Todd Scaplen, a spokesman for Yellowknife RCMP, said three helicopters waited hours on Thursday for the weather to clear enough for them to take off to help the Cessna's passengers.
8949	To drive out leftist guerillas, they carried out a series of gruesome massacres, forcible disappearances, and murders, often in collusion with state security forces.
8950	To educate our students on the Armenian Genocide, as well as other atrocities that have taken place, will ensure that the innocent did not die in vain.
8951	To encourage spending by consumers and companies, South Korea's new finance minister unveiled last month stimulus plans that included easing mortgage rules to stimulate the housing market.
8952	Toews was an 18-year-old sophomore who scored a goal but came up short in a rare loss with a chance for a championship on the line.
8953	To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Your Take View reader contributions and add your own related to this story.
8954	To flesh out that picture, Lacovara's team made laser scans of every bone and fed the 3-D imagery into a computer.
8955	To George Mitchell, the former Senate leader who served as Obama's Middle East peace envoy, the President "made a persuasive case to the reality that we cannot intervene militarily everywhere."
8956	To get a sense of what's reasonable, check out one of my previous columns on the topic.
8957	Together, they have developed a process for using CT scanning technology not only to make images of those instruments but also to print 3-D copies of parts that will allow more of them to be played.
8958	Together, they teach weekly karate classes to children with autism spectrum disorder and their parents.
8959	"Together we have carefully taken care of the tree of Russian-Chinese relations.
8960	To get there, Savage must work her way back slowly.
8961	To give you, the casual or nonexistent onlooker from abroad, an understanding of the debate, let us look at the four main points of contention leading some to vote "yes" for independence and others to vote "no."
8962	To hell with political correctness, it's time to talk about the black elephant in the room.
8963	To its credit, the Legislature moved mountains to protect higher education from further cuts in the current two-year budget, and even made some much-needed investments, including more money aimed at student achievement.
8964	To keep reading, you need a subscription.
8965	"To kill or hurt somebody, that's not my son."
8966	To learn more about what PPS has offered, click here.
8967	To leave a comment you must approve it via e-mail, which will be sent to your address after submission.
8968	To limit any action against ISIS, whether military or otherwise, to Iraq alone is therefore meaningless.
8969	To make matters worse, Bolivia made it a tripartite quarrel, when it claimed to have found traces of older tuber in its soil.
8970	To make sure the scope of his vision came across, Juul began capturing the film sets.
8971	To make the video, Mr. Bliss strapped a GoPro chest harness to his back and concealed it with a black t-shirt, leaving a small hole in the back for the camera’s lens.
8972	To me, the Cyclones' answer will be the quarterback best able to work through his reads, a total prerequisite, and protect the football – pretty standard stuff, but doubly vital given the skill players surrounding the new starter.
8973	To me, these women represent entrepreneurship and innovation.
8974	Tom Horner gives Pete and Char Schneider a pedicab ride on the Bay Bridge bike path.
8975	"Tomorrow's verdict is happening after a speedy trial where the rights of defendants were grossly disrespected," said Diana Eltahawy, director of the criminal justice unit at the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights.
8976	Tonight's ride will mass at Daley Plaza at 6 p.m. and depart at 6:30 p.m. Here is the proposed route labeled with nearby DIVVY bike kiosks.
8977	Tony has been declared an expert in International drug trafficking and organized crime by the N.Y. State Supreme Court, the U.S. District Court in Miami and the German (Bavaria) Supreme Court.
8978	Tony Thurmond is the only candidate with legislative experience and a proven track record of doing real, solutions-focused work in all communities in the 15th District.
8979	To occupy, steal and attack IDF bases and natives?
8980	Tools like these sensors "can allow people to feel more comfortable" and ease the transition.
8981	Too often we devote our energy to mundane tasks like checking email or meetings that falsely let us feel productive.
8982	Top 5 celebrity tweets about Casey Kasem Carson Daly and Ryan Seacrest react to the radio icon’s death.
8983	To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use.
8984	Top Reads from the Fiscal Times: Click to view comments Obama seeks to recast postwar foreign policy Fire in S. Korea hospice for elderly kills 21 Snowden says he was 'trained as a spy' From beaches to Bangkok, tourists ask What coup?
8985	To prevent automated Bots from commentspamming, please enter the string you see in the image below in the appropriate input box.
8986	To prove this, he told the IAEA board, Iran would be ready to give the U.N. agency "one managed access" to a western region, where, according to the allegations, explosives experiments took place.
8987	TOP STORIES / Sci-Tech Piracy Watch It Right!
8988	Top storylines Antwerp Institute of Tropical Me / AP Ebola Virus Outbreak This undated photo made available by the Antwerp Institute of Tropical Medicine in Antwerp, Belgium, shows the Ebola virus viewed through an electron microscope.
8989	Top storylines Mario Tama / Getty Images, file Financier Bernard Madoff leaves Manhattan Federal court March 10, 2009, in New York City.
8990	Top storylines Missouri Governor to Speak Live on Ferguson Turmoil Health workers are handed personal protective gear by a team leader, right, before collecting the bodies of the deceased from streets in Monrovia, Liberia on Saturday.
8991	Top storylines Sasha Mordovets / Getty Images Contributor Russian President Vladimir Putin attends a weekly meeting with ministers of the government at the Novo Ogaryovo state residence October 29, 2014 in Moscow Russia.
8992	Top storylines TIM WIMBORNE / Reuters For the new type of solar power customers, saving money is as important as saving Mother Nature.
8993	To qualify, the catch must be weighed and measured on DNR-certified scales, according to Waddell Mariculture Center director and DNR employee Al Stokes.
8994	To remain current in the industry, Dr. Markarian's postgraduate studies focused on Implantology.
8995	To reserve quarts of stew, contact any member of the Methodist Men.
8996	"Torontonians want to see an end to the divisions that have paralyzed city hall for the last few years.
8997	Toronto tests water samples every four to six hours and checks for more than 300 potential chemical contaminants.
8998	Torre said pace-of-game rules will be enforced more strictly.
8999	“To say that I’m spitting mad would be an understatement,” King wrote to the governor’s two health advisers.
9000	To see just how good the bivalves are at cleaning up toxins in their environment, the researchers put California floater mussels and Asian clams into a tank with treated wastewater that contained various levels of contamination.
9001	To see our full list, visit our coverage on CNET en Español (in Spanish, of course).
9002	To shoot the children, that's cowardly," Johnson said at a news conference outside the family's home.
9003	“To take their stuff.
9004	Total interest expense declined to $2.65 million for the nine months of 2014 compared to $3.59 million for the nine months of 2013.
9005	Totnes MP Sarah Wollaston and Gosport MP Caroline Dinenage were both selected using the method.
9006	Tourists and locals alike enjoy the Christmas market in Stockholm's Old Town.
9007	Towery unfairly targeted protesters because of their political views and violated the law that bars the military from law enforcement on U.S. soil, Hildes said.
9008	"Town and city centers are changing and becoming redundant, you don't need them anymore and so we need people to go because they wish to and feel welcomed."
9009	Towns devastated by the tsunami three years ago, including Rikuzentakata, Higashi Matsushima and Otsuchi, issued evacuation advisories to thousands of households along the northern coast, along with schools and community centers.
9010	Toyota had to expand an airbag recall of its own earlier this month.
9011	Toys from Disney’s mega movie franchise are the hottest of the year among girls, dethroning longtime favorite Barbie, according to a survey from the National Retail Federation.
9012	Tracy Beasley is an entrepreneur with a fashion, restaurant, business and management background.
9013	Traditions and shared values are redundant, inefficient, and must be optimised out of existence.
9014	Train coil springs are smaller than those of the cars, but the mechanic described how they could be stretched with a manual press until they are the necessary height.
9015	Trained by Keeneland-based Charlie LoPresti, Wise Dan also is a finalist for champion older male and male turf horse, honors he captured in 2012.
9016	Tran-Davies wants Johnston to make changes by September.
9017	Transport Minister Yeh Kuang-shih has said weather data showed that aviation safety requirements were met when the plane was cleared to fly.
9018	Tran survived for three days after her accident before dying in the hospital.
9019	Travel 0810: Louise Pepper Journalist, BBC London On the roads, a lane is closed on the M25 clockwise between J10 at Wisley and J11 at Chertsey due to a collision.
9020	“Treasurer Rutherford made a personal trip to visit the Treasurer’s nephew, who is studying abroad in Australia.
9021	"Treasuries felt the first round of pain, though credit spreads and illiquid asset classes were also impacted, proving how much a single person can move the markets," analysts from Janney Capital Markets wrote in a note on Monday.
9022	Treaty will take time to reach, says chief Little Buffalo remains one of the poorest communities in Alberta, having only recently gained running water in some homes and with a school that is falling apart, says Laboucan.
9023	Trent Boult conceded nine runs from the first over and from that time on, the Proteas seemed in charge on a pitch that offered slow but true bounce.
9024	Tribal spokesman John Weymer said he won’t be surprised if Dillon wins.
9025	Trisha Thomas contributed to this report.
9026	Troops and their families, as well as White House staff members, will also be guests at the event.
9027	Troops face off against protesters on October 30. Compaore has been in office since 1987, when he took power following a bloody coup.
9028	Troops went in pursuit of the attackers and killed four of them, officials said.
9029	Trout, and lots of them, feed in riffles and hide beneath brushy shoreline.
9030	Troy Wilcoxon, 28, and 33-year-old James Nollette sat in the Asotin County Superior Courtroom for day two of their trial.
9031	Trump, however, kept his composure in the 11th frame to scrape through.
9032	Try and download SpotiFinder right now, you will not regret it!
9033	“Trying to get everyone to the airport, get your equipment operation there, your video operation, your medical and training operation — getting everything mobilized, it’s been an overnight exercise,” he told reporters.
9034	Try this for yourself.
9035	Tsai directed the 2009 film Face (臉), a joint Taiwanese/French production.
9036	Tualatin Valley Fire and Rescue were able to get access through the ceiling and extinguished the fire quickly.
9037	Tub size: While walk-in bathtubs vary in shape and size, most models have high-walls (three feet or higher), are 26 to 32 inches wide, and will fit into the same 60-inch long space as your standard tub without having to reconfigure the room.
9038	Tucker's 18 favorite brewpubs or taprooms for high-quality food include Ladyface Alehouse & Brasserie in Agoura Hills, Calif., about a 45-minute drive north of Los Angeles International Airport.
9039	Tue, May 20, 2014 - Page 5　News List Taipei’s dog toilets not too popular NOT POTTY-TRAINED:There appears to be some confusion on the part of canines and their owners on how to use the facilities.
9040	Tuesday, December 9, 2014 Police will use minimal force: CE Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying said police will continue to use minimal force in the clearance of the Admiralty and Causeway Bay Occupy camps.
9041	Tuesday, January 21, 2014 (NBA) Heat tumble without Wade Paul Millsap scored 26 points as the Atlanta Hawks overcame LeBron James' 30 points to beat the Miami Heat 121-114 Monday in a US National Basketball Association game in Atlanta, Georgia.
9042	Tumblr’s users are notably young, and often, theatergoers in this town are not.
9043	Turkey can play a key role as a regional champion for the region's Sunni and Kurdish communities.
9044	Turkey ranks among the top 15 countries among Facebook's nearly 1 billion users, with some 34 million active users on a monthly basis in a population of 77 million.
9045	Turkey's national currency, the lira, hit multiple record lows in recent weeks as investors worried about the fallout of a corruption scandal that threatens to destabilize the government.
9046	Turkish Kurds walk as tanks in the background hold their positions on a hilltop in the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, Oct. 6, 2014.
9047	Turner pushed back after Koskinen said he had not seen any evidence of a crime or any evidence for any number of other things relating to the lost emails belonging to former top IRS official Lois Lerner.
9048	Turney documented the rescue mission from the stranded ship with regular posts depicting videos and photographs.
9049	Turning immigrants into American citizens over time has been the tradition in the U.S. and it has worked very, very well for more than 200 years.
9050	"Turning people down where they wouldn't have been turned down if the conviction happened in Oregon doesn't seem to make sense."
9051	Turns out American astronaut Mike Hopkins, currently aboard the ISS, isn't just a huge football fan.
9052	TV Kind Of Everywhere-ish Yes, It Really Has Ads The first thing I saw on CBSN was a black screen with a lower third that read, "We'll be right back."
9053	Twenty film directors are vying for the Golden Lion at the 71st Venice Film Festival, which kicked off this week in the Italian city of canals.
9054	"Twenty-five years ago, ski racing equipment was archaic.
9055	Twenty-one days ago he was moved from La Mesa to El Tongo prison in the state of Baja California, Jill Tahmooressi said.
9056	Twitter has been testing out the new design on about 1% of people who use the site, studying their habits and making tweaks before rolling it out to everyone.
9057	Two days later, a reader commented on a story about the shooting on the paper's website, saying it "was an accident, he wasn't intending to fire he was looking through the scope, fired by accident."
9058	Two-factor authentication adds a second level of authentication to an account log-in.
9059	Two female employees were the latest to make it to safety.
9060	Two middlemen, Sun Hung Kai former director Thomas Chan Kui-yuen and Francis Kwan Hung-sang -- the former non-executive director of investment firm New Environmental Energy Holdings -- were also found guilty on two charges.
9061	Two officers with the Myrtle Beach police department observed Broadway at the Beach security guards chasing White and assisted.
9062	Two of the people who worked that day reported symptoms Tuesday morning, leading to the second closure.
9063	Two others were injured in the shooting.
9064	Two policewomen and a police man came to my home with a warrant and searched my flat.
9065	Two shootings also were reported but the injuries weren't life-threatening.
9066	Two suspects approached the victim and demanded he hand over his cash, credit cards, and cell phone before fleeing the scene.
9067	Two thirds said the sanctions were superfluous.
9068	Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso, in his final race for Ferrari, had an electrical fault on his car and came to a halt by the side of the track at the start of the session and was unable to continue.
9069	Two weeks later, the same witness did not select Hay’s photo in a lineup.
9070	Ty Alexander Blogs About Curvy Girl Style, Beauty And Her Fall Must-Haves Gorgeous In Grey is a must-read fashion and lifestyle blog with a fun, snappy and engaging voice, courtesy of its silver-haired founder, Ty Alexander.
9071	Typo, founded by entrepreneur Laurence Hallier and TV host and media personality Ryan Seacrest, announced the Typo Keyboard(TM) would be available for pre-order this month.
9072	Uber cab driver in India arrested after suspected rape By Malini Menon 18 hours ago An Uber app is seen on an iPhone in Beverly Hills, California, December 19, 2013.
9073	Ukraine, however, recently raised the alarm about her disappearance, with the foreign ministry issuing a protest note.
9074	Ukraine in crisis: Key facts, major developments John Baird announces more sanctions in Ukraine crisis There was no immediate comment from Russia on the plane.
9075	"Ukraine is not capable of stopping them," she said, adding that both appropriate weapons and a clear leadership structure are lacking.
9076	Ukraine PM fears new Soviet Union Play Video A Reuters cameraman at the scene said he saw the bodies of two people, one with what appeared to be gunshot wounds to the head and face, lying in the back of a truck.
9077	Ukraine said it had recaptured Donetsk airport following an overnight fight with separatists who had seized control on Monday.
9078	Ukraine's quest for EU ties triggered the current crisis in relations with Moscow, dividing the nation between those seeking to look West and those wanting to stay in Moscow's orbit.
9079	Ukrainian soldiers — who probably know better than anyone the risks involved — have shied away from confrontation (just as they did in Crimea).
9080	Ultimately, however, whether the buyer is a public agency or a high-fashion retail brand, any trade with the Global South garment industries runs the risk of worker abuses, corporate impunity and rampant exploitation.
9081	Ultimately, the only way out is for them is to diversify their economies and promote good governance and rule of law for their energy sector.
9082	Under a change taking effect this year, the Atlanta-based company that owns the New York Stock Exchange, IntercontinentalExchange, took over supervising the setting of LIBOR from the British Bankers' Association.
9083	Under Chairman Wheeler, the FCC just announced they are slapping a conservative group with a $2.9 million fine for placing illegal robocalls (automated recorded calls) to Americans' cell phones.
9084	Undercover agents from the Bureau of Land Management monitored the Recapture Canyon rally and documented cases in which ATV riders broke the law by venturing into an area off-limits to motorized use, BLM spokeswoman Megan Crandall said on Tuesday.
9085	Under his FB profile he was posting on a news story I read in another part of the country with the same garbage.
9086	Under his leadership of BusinessWeek’s web operations, which he assumed in 2007, traffic and user engagement, with monthly unique visitors has risen by 40% to 10.4 million (more than twice the size of the magazine’s audience).
9087	Under Jim Crow, racial status replaced slave status as the primary basis for the continued oppression and exploitation of African-Americans.
9088	Underlining international unease over the threat of violence, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration is temporarily banning carry-on liquids, aerosols, gels and powders on flights between Russia and the United States.
9089	Under state law, while her murder conviction stands, prosecutors have the option of putting on a second penalty phase with a new jury in an effort to secure a death sentence.
9090	Under the terms of the deal, the detainees will remain under the control of the government of Qatar for one year.
9091	"Unemployment, a lack of housing and job insecurity are the top most important reasons for decrease in fertility rate," Abbasi said.
9092	Unfortunately for Keegan, the Red Devils won the league the following week.
9093	' Unfortunately for South Korea-based Samsung, Bay's melt-down became the highlight of the press event, and may unintentionally mar the introduction of the curved television.
9094	Unfortunately, it doesn't look like you can play Sixense's lightsaber demo yourself, although a VR-enabled version of the video is supposed to be coming soon.
9095	"Unfortunately, that time has now come."
9096	"Unfortunately the emphasis in the press has been on sensationalizing my breasts, chiefly in terms of my family.
9097	Unfortunately there are very, very big deficits in this respect.
9098	Unfortunately, with more convenient technology means new competition from third-party ticket outlets.
9099	Unfortunately your browser does not support IFrames.
9100	Unfreakin' beliveable, the man and his family getting ready to enjoy a new life and here comes this POS.
9101	Uni K Wax is growing rapidly across the US and we have many exciting new concepts we are working on, but above all, we will continue to strive to exceed our customer's expectations in all we do.
9102	"Unilateral steps on their part will be answered with unilateral steps on our side.
9103	Universal Studios Hollywood theme park Chances are when you think of Six Flags, you think roller coasters, and for good reason: The world's largest regional amusement park chai..
9104	"Unless people are comfortable or even motivated to wear it, it's not going to go anywhere," he tells me.
9105	Unless there's some other mandate, Boswell said the agency does not place pit bulls because of liability issues.
9106	Unlike 2012, much of the worst heat and biggest climate disasters last year were outside the U.S. Parts of central Asia, central Africa and Australia were record warm.
9107	"Unlike smartphones, tablets are not one size fits all," Dr. Jong-seok Park, CEO of LG Electronics' mobile division, said in a statement.
9108	Unlike that announcement, the new Canadian Blood Services call centre is not tied to any provincial money.
9109	Unlike these other sites, Facebook will continue to allow unlicensed sellers to post guns for sale but at the same time prohibit paid advertisements for guns.
9110	Unlike the taverns where Olson learned to play pool, he wanted a high-end billiards parlor where anyone would feel comfortable: men, women, hipsters, bikers.
9111	Unlimited seattletimes.com content access is included with most subscriptions.
9112	UN officials implored governments worldwide to send medical workers and material contributions.
9113	UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon warned that after three wars in Gaza in six years, international patience with both sides was being tested.
9114	Until that conflict is ended through negotiations, tragically we will see more horrific acts of violence and more martyrs on both sides.
9115	Until that situation improves, it's going to be difficult to know if the U.S. is really on the road to recovery.
9116	"Until the president gives us some reason, some confidence that we can trust him to implement an immigration reform bill, we really don't have much to talk about," Boehner said.
9117	Unused money is usually rolled over to the next year.
9118	Updated H5N1 bird flu death confirmed in Alberta, 1st in North America Is sea star wasting disease just natural population control?
9119	Updates to the procurement modules help workers shop for items more quickly, audit procurement contracts and place complex orders.
9120	UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events.
9121	UPI is a global operation with offices in Beirut, Hong Kong, London, Santiago, Seoul and Tokyo.
9122	UP NEXT Tell-All From Elle The Best Beach Reads to Transport You Around..
9123	Upon reaching a section of the Braeton Main Road, a red Daihatsu motor was seen driving along the thoroughfare.
9124	Upon this soft, crappy bread, slather the mayonnaise.
9125	Up to 50% in discounts will be offered on gold jewellery, 15% on silver jewellery, 15% on gold-filled pieces, and 10% on watches.
9126	Up to that point, German courts only brought charges against Nazi war criminals who had personally committed atrocities.
9127	Urgent access to safe supplies of blood for transfusion is critical to saving these women’s lives.
9128	USA forward Clint Dempsey (left) is congratulated by teammates after scoring a goal in the first half against Ghana during the 2014 World Cup at Estadio das Dunas.
9129	USAID's top official, Rajiv Shah, was scheduled to testify on Tuesday before the Senate Appropriations State Department and foreign operations subcommittee on the agency's budget.
9130	USA midfielder Jermaine Jones (13) controls the ball against Ghana midfielder Michael Essien (5) in the second half during the 2014 World Cup at Estadio das Dunas.
9131	USA TODAY's analysis — which included FRA data, government documents and interviews with safety experts and railroad officials — reveals the most prevalent causes of accidents of Metro-North and Amtrak trains during the past 11 years were track problems.
9132	U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin filed charges Tuesday against 51-year-old Gregory A. Dotson of Chapmanville.
9133	US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for July rose 44 cents to $106.41 while Brent crude for August gained 18 cents to $114.44 in afternoon trade.
9134	U.S. Charge d'Affaires Andre Goodfriend said that corruption was a symptom of the weakening of Hungary's democratic institutions when the ban was announced in October.
9135	U.S. District Court Judge George Z. Singal sentenced her to three months in prison followed by three years of supervised release.
9136	Use the government funds to retrain and relocate labor, not reward failed management practices.
9137	U.S. government orders five major airports to screen passengers from West Africa for fever, in an effort to bolster defenses against the spread of Ebola.
9138	U.S. indexes drifted between small gains and losses throughout the day Thursday.
9139	Using the power of math, we can determine that in order to get one ounce of alcohol into your body, you'd have to consume 161.66 calories worth of whiskey.
9140	U.S. intelligence said it was brought down by pro-Russian rebels battling Ukraine fighters, which Moscow denied.
9141	U.S. labels, he said, typically concerned nutritional information or carried a specific warning, for example to alert those with a peanut allergy.
9142	U.S. military resources also have increased in Africa as part of anti-terrorism efforts and to provide another staging ground for possible needs in the volatile Middle East.
9143	US officials "encourage Thailand to conduct thorough investigations for signs of trafficking, including in cases with alleged government complicity, and to bring trafficking offenders to justice," Harf said.
9144	U.S. officials have noticed ISIS fighters changing their tactics, hiding more among civilian populations, where they’re almost impossible to hit without casualties that would be politically unpalatable at home.
9145	U.S. President Barack Obama takes off his jacket as he arrives at Naval Air Station Oceania with U.S. Senator Jim …Polling: This one is fairly straightforward.
9146	U.S. regulations allow a swap of oil exports for imports only if the home-grown product cannot be marketed domestically for “compelling” economic reasons.
9147	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said serious steps would be imposed on Monday by the United States and Europe if a referendum on Crimea joining Russia takes place on Sunday as planned.
9148	U.S. stock indexes are following other global markets lower in early trading Tuesday, Oct. 7, 2014.
9149	U.S. Treasury Department requirements state that any remaining funds as of Dec. 31, 2017, must be returned.
9150	Vacuum of Moral Leadership Edward Liddy, the Paulson-appointed chairman of AIG, initially recommended that the bonuses given to its employees go forward, though he found it "distasteful and difficult."
9151	Valenzuela said the Phoenix and Peoria fire departments also responded.
9152	"Valerie Bertinelli goes down her father's side of the family and then she goes down her mother's side of the family, which she knew very little about," executive producer Dan Bucatinsky told The Wrap.
9153	Vancouver’s coach, John Tortorella, took it as a challenge and sent out his 4th line.
9154	Vancouver's lone goal came when Kesler took a pass in the high slot from Chris Higgins and flicked a weak wrist shot at the goal.
9155	Van der Hoeven added there was a real risk of shortfalls, if investments were misdirected because environmental impacts were not properly reflected in prices.
9156	Van Gundy agreed to a $35-million US, five-year contract — a commitment from the team that suggests he'll have plenty of time to turn Detroit's fortunes around.
9157	Vann was arrested over the weekend after a missing person's report led police to a body in a bathtub at a Motel 6 in Hammond.
9158	Vaping may increase smoking For some, like Anna Camara, it may even lead to increased smoking.
9159	Various petitions to hold Dow to account for increased compensation as well as the cleaning up of toxic waste are being pressed in Indian and American courts.
9160	Varying in appearance and texture from dense yellow paste to dark brown mucilage, wax is most often named after the weed used in its extraction and smoked in a variety of ways, many alarming to the uninitiated.
9161	Verbally expressing concerns about weight gain is crucial in diagnosing adults and adolescents but young children often don't have words for what is at the root of the illness: fear of weight gain and distorted body image.
9162	Verona went on a spending spree after selling Juan Manuel Iturbe to Roma and Ionita joined from Swiss club FC Aarau.
9163	"Very many people are injured.
9164	Very much so, yes.
9165	Veteran awarded for Afghan heroism May 13, 2014 -- Updated 2026 GMT (0426 HKT) An Army veteran credited with trying to save the lives of fellow soldiers during a firefight in Afghanistan will be awarded the nation's highest military award.
9166	Veteran Bjorn shot a 74 to finish one over par and a rusty Westwood struggled to a 76 for two over.
9167	Vian Dakhil, the only Yazidi in Parliament, appealed to the government last week for help in stopping the slaughter of her people.
9168	Vickers was injured and taken to Saint Mary's Hospital in Athens.
9169	Victim T. Mark Stover, an acclaimed dog trainer Related MOUNT VERNON — Michiel Oakes told jurors in his murder trial that he was afraid they wouldn't believe he killed his girlfriend's ex-husband in self-defense.
9170	Video journalist: Susannah Reid Stop/Start is a series of video features for the BBC News website which follows both new trends that are beginning and old traditions that are coming to an end.
9171	Vietnam veteran Gail Wilson, 69, of Oxford, Mississippi, said he was encouraged by Gibson's comments but won't be convinced until he sees a tangible difference.
9172	View gallery A armored military Humvee belonging to the Missouri National Guard sits at a perimeter blockade in S … In 1933 Congress brought them under a nationalized system that formed the basis of a US military reserve force.
9173	View gallery A customer chooses numbers at a lottery ticket store in Shanghai December 29, 2013.
9174	View gallery A fan waves a cutout of LeBron James during a baseball game between the Chicago White Sox and Clevel … Some will, but it's going to be a challenge.
9175	View gallery An Iraqi Yazidi woman who fled the violence in the northern Iraqi town of Sinjar, cries as she stand … Their withdrawal from Sinjar after hours battling IS militants, left civilians running for their lives.
9176	View gallery Close up detail focusing on a smooth region on the ‘base’ of the ‘body’ section of comet 67P/Churyum … Mark McCaughrean, a senior scientific advisor at ESA, predicted plenty of surprises ahead.
9177	View gallery FILE - In this Jan. 15, 2014 file photo, first lady Michelle Obama speaks in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington.
9178	View gallery FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 4, 2014 file photo, A relative raises the body of a child from the Najam … Mourners and onlookers jumped onto the truck next to them.
9179	View gallery General Motors CEO Mary Barra, and Executive Vice President Mark Reuss, hold a news conference at th … The company took a $1.3 billion charge in the first quarter to pay for the recalls.
9180	View gallery History teacher Sven Serrano stands outside the Shanghai High School on January 14, 2014 holding pho … Her most vivid memories are blistering summers, freezing winters, and an obsession with food.
9181	View gallery House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio and GOP leaders finish a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Jan. 14, 2014, following a weekly House Republican Conference meeting.
9182	View gallery India's Sathish Sivalingam competes during the men's weightlifting 77kg class at the Commonw … He added that every athlete was now monitored regularly and there was an education programme to steer lifters away from the temptation of doping.
9183	View gallery In this Aug. 28, 2014 photo, residents gather around an elderly man who mediates a dispute among nei … But eventually, the junta became desperate for international respect and an end to crippling trade sanctions.
9184	View gallery In this Monday, June 16, 2014 file photo, demonstrators chant slogans to support al-Qaida-inspired I … A: Iraq's Defense and Interior ministries both said Sunday that al-Baghdadi had been wounded.
9185	View gallery In this Monday, March 3, 2014 photo, Fusako Kudo, 73, a survivor of the March 11, 2011 tsunami, serv … At the peak of Japan's construction boom 25 years ago, 7.5 million worked in the industry.
9186	View gallery In this Oct. 24, 2014, file photo, members of the Department of Defense's Ebola Military Medical Sup … A: No. The Dallas hospital couldn't find a survivor with a matching blood type for Duncan.
9187	View gallery In this photo taken on June 10, 2014, retired Marine Gunnery Sgt. Brian Meyer grips the handlebars o … He turned down offers to install wheelchair ramps in his home.
9188	View gallery In this Tuesday, Feb. 11, 2014 photo, Ice Cube poses for a portrait in Los Angeles.
9189	View gallery New Orleans Pelicans' Tyreke Evans, center, drives the ball between Golden State Warriors' A … Golden State needed a late burst to hold off Orlando and keep the streak going earlier this week.
9190	View gallery New York Knicks' Carmelo Anthony, right, makes a move as he is guarded by Charlotte Bobcats' … The records were great, too.
9191	View gallery Packs of whale meat to be sold sit in a freezer at a whale meat specialty store at Tokyo's Ameyo … Whale meat not used for study is sold as food in Japan.
9192	View gallery Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai, left, shakes hands with Nigerian President, Goodluck Jonathan, … She described an emotional meeting Sunday with some of the girls' parents.
9193	View gallery Pakistani soldiers patrol in Karachi on December 23, 2013 (AFP Photo/Asif Hassan) The world's top five arms importers were now India, China, Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
9194	View gallery Palestinian women hold pictures of relatives held in Israeli jails during a rally marking Palestinia … The Palestinians demand their release before any discussion of an extension.
9195	View gallery President Barack Obama arrives at the White House in Washington, early Friday, March 21, 2014, from … Rutte said Russia's attempts to annex Crimea are "a flagrant breach" of international law.
9196	View gallery Students walk near the 7-11 after a drive-by shooter went on a night time rampage near a Santa Barba … Napolitano, formerly U.S. secretary of Homeland Security, said victims' families still were being notified.
9197	View gallery This is the Weather Underground U.S. national forecast for Friday, July 4, 2014, Hurricane Arthur wi … The holiday weekend was not expected to be a complete loss on the Outer Banks.
9198	View gallery This NASA chart depicts the number alien planet candidates identified by NASA's Kepler spacecraf … But the majority of them appear to have a rocky core encased in a hydrogen- and helium-rich envelope.
9199	View gallery This undated aerial photo released by Softbank Corp. shows the Japanese telecommunications and Inter … If all the planned solar panels in Japan were installed, their capacity would equal 8 percent of overall energy demand.
9200	View gallery This undated photo provided by the Les Paul Foundation, shows Lester Polfuss, who later became known … WAUKESHA, Wis. (AP) — Music legend Les Paul discovered his penchant for guitar at Waukesha Junior High.
9201	View gallery This undated photo shows 6-year-old Addie Fausett who stopped growing when she was 3; her undiagnose … They have come from Germany, Australia and Saudi Arabia, Tami Fausett said.
9202	View gallery Varina Banks Howell Davis is seen in an 1860 photo provided by the American Civil War Museum.
9203	View photo 6 of 7 Massachusetts to NJ plane crash victims ID'd Philadelphia Inquirer co-owner Lewis Katz was killed along with six other people in a fiery plane crash in Massachusetts.
9204	View photo Delaware woman has lunch with President Obama A Delaware woman got the chance to have lunch with President Obama during his visit to the area.
9205	View photo FILE - In this undated photo provided by Viking, Jan Karon, author of the Mitford books, poses with a … NEW YORK (AP) — Jan Karon is going back to Mitford.
9206	View photo FILE - The Aug. 6, 2014 file photo shows an expert watching his screens at the control center of the European Space Agency, ESA, in Darmstadt, Germany.
9207	View photo Most Americans Believe in Obama's ISIS Plan, but Not in Him Most Americans support President Obama's plan to attack the Islamic State, even though a majority of Americans don't think it will work.
9208	View photo New report gives key details about the iPhone 6 announcement and release date The rumors surrounding the release date of the iPhone 6 are finally beginning to coalesce.
9209	View photo Samsung’s 12.2-inch Pro tablets already seen as a flop Samsung launched a new Pro family of tablets a few months ago, comprised of devices with screens from 8.4 to 12.2 inches that are already available in various countries.
9210	View photo Solid source claims to reveal exact resolution of iPhone 6 display Apple is all but confirmed to be launching two new iPhone models in 2014.
9211	View photo The FCC needs to call AT&T’s bluff and dare it to boycott a major spectrum auction Earlier this week, AT&T did the carrier equivalent of threatening to take its ball and go home if it doesn’t get exactly what it wants.
9212	View Your Contribution Oops!
9213	Vincent the Doughboy tweets: much of this must be down to the introduction of sealed plugs and drops in smoker numbers.
9214	Violence halts oil production December 27, 2013 -- Updated 2214 GMT (0614 HKT) Oil production is down in South Sudan as violence rages.
9215	Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring supports overturning the ban, but said staying the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit's ruling was necessary because of possible confusion until the case is settled.
9216	Virginia's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional February 14, 2014 -- Updated 0524 GMT (1324 HKT) A federal judge in Virginia has struck down the commonwealth's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional, according to court documents.
9217	Virtually everything you see on the outside of the truck except the bumpers is that aluminum alloy, “Think about all of the applications for aluminum where strength is as important as light weight,” the pitch continues.
9218	Visitation will be held prior to the service, beginning at 1 p.m. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions can be made to the Eureka Springs Carnegie Library in care of the funeral home.
9219	Visits had been scheduled to resume Saturday.
9220	Visit the bookmaker and look at the odds: Hopefully you'll have whittled down the options and found a horse at a big price so that you can back it each-way.
9221	Visit www.tonyvendryes.com for information on his new book, 'An Ounce of Prevention - Mainly for Men'.
9222	Visit www.yorkstreetgallery.co.uk Click here for more news from What's On.
9223	Visual Anatomy Free review By Download.com staff 8 hours ago Visual Anatomy Free features interactive images of the human body and its organs, including the muscles, skeleton, and circulation, as well as a rotational 3D organ overview mode.
9224	Vitter Slithers Back to Bayou By Michael Tomasky January 22, 2014 5:45 AM The Daily Beast Vitter Slithers Back to Bayou I was once shooting the breeze with a Democratic senator I knew fairly well.
9225	Vive la vida Lastly, vive la vida, which simply means have some fun.
9226	Voice: (818) 205-9300 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.
9227	Volcano vigilance View gallery Volcanic gas steams from Nyamuragira volcano.
9228	Volunteer groups started escorting women, especially during political gatherings.
9229	Voters in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh voted "No" to independence by a margin of 61 percent to 38 percent.
9230	Voting to prohibit, with narrow exceptions, the use of U.S. ground troops in combat should be a no-brainer for Democrats.
9231	Voyce The Voyce smart collar for dogs keeps track of heart rate.
9232	Voynov is extremely disappointed that the district attorney's office elected to file charges," Renetzky said in a statement.
9233	Wainwright (8-3) entered with a 20-inning scoreless streak and a major league-leading 1.67 ERA.
9234	Waiting until the negotiations run their course or a US framework agreement is announced will be too late.
9235	Walker, of Cincinnati, was stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas.
9236	Wall made 10 appearances for the Darts, scoring six goals to help keep their Skrill Premier survival hopes alive.
9237	Wall Street was set to extend gains.
9238	Walters was consulted about the changes and retains her title as one of the show's executive producers, says spokeswoman Lauri Hogan.
9239	Walworth County Jail says Zelich was transported to Kenosha County during the morning hours of August 4. He is expected to be sent back to jail in Walworth County following his court appearance in Kenosha County.
9240	Wang was also in town last July, startling many Nicaraguans by revealing the exact route of the canal.
9241	Warner's lawyer, Madeline Cohen, was "relieved" by the postponement, and hopes "no execution will go forward until we are able to obtain full information about how Oklahoma intends to conduct those executions".
9242	WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. is suspending $3.5 million in military aid to Thailand, its first punitive step against the Asian country following a military coup, the State Department announced Friday.
9243	WASHINGTON —The Pentagon is considering sending U.S. troops to fight beside Iraqi soldiers as they take on more complex missions in the battle against Islamic State extremists, according to Gen. Martin Dempsey, the nation’s top military officer.
9244	"Was I expecting him to hole his fourth shot?
9245	Was I going to be a writer who knew about this -- and yet continue to write fictional films usually featuring weddings?
9246	Wassef Hassoun for a general court-martial on charges of desertion, larceny and destruction of government property, according to a news release from the Marines.
9247	Was the mother abused when pregnant?
9248	Was the note written in English?
9249	Was the rape necessary to the twists and turns of the murder investigation that follows?
9250	Watch a hacker steal encrypted passwords Katherine Leckrone is an occasional eBay user who thinks that notice is not enough.
9251	"Watching Mrs. Bush, she has been able to traverse all of this with a level of grace and kindness and compassion," Obama said.
9252	Watch more clips on the Click website.
9253	Watch on mobile: Lake Louise women's super-G For the full schedule of alpine skiing coverage on CBC TV and CBCSports.ca click here.
9254	Water supply is a massive undertaking for any branch of government.
9255	Watkins added that the city was requesting it be annexed in, in order to provide water and sewer to the new business and that it was a good idea.
9256	Watts and Lucas took to Facebook and were none too happy with how the situation played out.
9257	WBHS and AHS will meet Sept. 5 at W. Clair Harris Stadium for the Region 8-AAAAA opener for both teams in the Battle of Barrow contest.
9258	"Weaker-than-expected Chinese inflation data overnight has done little to help rebuild confidence either," said Tony Cross, market analyst at Trustnet Direct.
9259	We all need to look after each other," said Ms LaFave.
9260	"We all share an interest in healthy watersheds that provide drinking water, just as we value strong local economies and our heritage in agriculture," Verhines said.
9261	We also are very respectful of them and we know we didn’t do great against them last year.
9262	We also explore some factors that fueled the spread of a terrorist group, and we explain why seatback screens may soon be a memory on airline flights.
9263	We also find that the impact of the minimum wage on a firm's wages depends on where the firm stands in the distribution of wages.
9264	We also get a good dose of the Melvins sense of humor we've come to expect.
9265	We also have a review of the Galaxy Note 4 and some other wild stories for you right in the gallery below.
9266	We apologize for the inconvenience."
9267	Weapons make up just 5 percent of the equipment given out through the Pentagon program, and tactical vehicles like the Humvee Palestine lost make up less than 1 percent of the gear.
9268	We appreciate your donations and applaud your excitement.
9269	"We are committed to this town," he says emphatically.
9270	"We are concerned about our citizens and given the fact this latest fire is suspicious and human caused we need the persons responsible located and held accountable," Blanton said.
9271	“We are determined to unlock the potential of the region with an integrated approach to addressing infrastructure, tourism, employment, transport and innovation challenges.”
9272	“We are disappointed to learn of the incident today involving Aldon Smith,” Baalke said in the statement.
9273	We are encouraged that sales trends have improved in recent weeks,” Gregg Steinhafel, chairman, president and CEO of Target, said in a statement.
9274	We are excited about our innovative keyboard design, which is the culmination of years of development and research," it said.
9275	“We are facing a new reality and a new Iraq,” Mahsoud Barzani, president of the Kurdish government, told Kerry today.
9276	We are going to provide some active resources to provide families so they can say, this is what we need for good nutrition, this is our chance to reach out and connect with our community," said Wordell.
9277	We are in a nice quiet area 25 minutes from Indianapolis, no graffiti no thugs.
9278	We are looking ahead to the Super Bowl, which will be played nearby in a month or two.
9279	We are looking for one.
9280	"We are missing the boat" was the sour warning former President Bill Clinton issued Tuesday at an otherwise upbeat U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit here.
9281	"We are not copying anyone, we are creating our design."
9282	"We are not giving up.
9283	“We are one of the earliest to get done.
9284	“We are open to other deals and we feel we can find a win-win-win for labels, artists and Pandora,” he said in an interview.
9285	"We are pleased that the U.S. Supreme Court has agreed that Texas' voter ID law should remain in effect for the upcoming election," spokeswoman Lauren Bean said.
9286	We are proud to serve you and hope you are as proud of yourselves as we are of you!
9287	"We are raising them to be the future leaders of Guatemala," Romero Fuentes said.
9288	We are steadily increasing and have good growth and sales by going from market to market," says Dillon.
9289	“We are talking about the significant exception, 93% of blacks are killed by other blacks,” Giuliani argued.
9290	Wearing a ripped T-shirt, jeans and boots, the actor was surrounded by media as he walked several blocks to a hotel following a court appearance today.
9291	"We as a town think the kids have gone through enough."
9292	We as Republicans accept responsibility for our past, and in moving forward we understand that our past should never dictate our future," Ybarra said.
9293	Weather records showed temperatures in the region where his body was found dipped to 12 degrees Celsius (54 degrees Fahrenheit) at night in late May and early June.
9294	We at the NAACP have battled against this disease for decades, and we have no intention of letting up.
9295	Webb dropped a shot at the 18th.
9296	“We began with many doubts after our elimination the other day, but we turned it around with a lot of courage and attitude,” said Xabi Prieto, who flicked on a corner-kick for Martinez’s goal and crossed for Zurutuza to score what proved to be the winner.
9297	"We believe and we see that the American administration is listening to us, is open with us and is conducting a very positive dialogue with us.
9298	"We believed, of course, and we still do, that there was sufficient evidence on the premeditated murder, and also on the charges upon which the accused was acquitted," National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson Nathi Ncube said outside the courtroom.
9299	"We believe that the steps being taken to refresh the Olympic sports program and the games through Agenda 2020 provide a great platform for the future," the Argentine statement said.
9300	"We believe the small earthquakes that happened after the landslide are also rebound earthquakes," Pankow said.
9301	Websites such as Mr. Koon have people who place orders for customers who don't speak English.
9302	Web sites will also need to change credentials used to verify authenticity to prevent hackers who may have looted the data from impersonating legitimate online venues and tricking visitors to enter valuable personal information.
9303	"We came up with an idea of passing that cost burden of administering the program on to those organizations that use it the most," Dittenber said.
9304	“We can do a lot more to help make the process to save easier, such as automatic enrollment in employer-sponsored savings, plans,” she says.
9305	We cannot expect others to do the work that we ourselves must do.
9306	"We can't dictate anything to Carroll-Boone unless we renegotiate."
9307	"We can't feel good about ourselves but we have to prepare ourselves to play the best game of the year (Friday)."
9308	We can't go back.
9309	We can’t let that happen.
9310	We commend all the law enforcement officers for their work in that regard.
9311	"We could install a screen or baffle to try and capture solids when there's this type of event so we could treat those," said LeBlanc.
9312	We'd call it 'Move over, Lassie.'
9313	We didn't make it this year, so I'm good with it."
9314	"We didn’t receive anything from them except a little bit of food.
9315	"We didn't try to rush shots and rush down the floor and take bad shots.
9316	We did so until today.
9317	'We'd like to come out there and be as physical as we can and set a standard, set up a minimum standard for us and keep building from there.'
9318	Wednesday, many assumed the third option impossible, admittedly including me.
9319	Wednesday, Nov 19, 2014 Brown to Remain Saline County Sheriff Story Created: Nov 18, 2014 at 5:21 PM CST Story Updated: Nov 18, 2014 at 10:30 PM CST SALINE CO.
9320	Wednesday, Nov 26 2014 Home Kent Business County News Article Dartsave launched to help motorists avoid £70 fines for forgetting to pay at Dartford Crossing once tolls are removed It can easily be done.
9321	Wednesday's advance lifted the Dow back into the black for 2014 after last week's sharp selloff had wiped out the year's gains.
9322	Wednesday's testimony drew a crowd of onlookers, including high-ranking members of the U.S. Attorney's office, as Jackson challenged Bonventre on everything from his corporate title to his tax returns.
9323	“We do know that long-term exposure to pain really seems to have a toxic effect on both brain functioning and brain physiology and anatomy,” Karp said.
9324	"We do make it a priority to look into it quickly, down here.
9325	"We don't go out and earn the black vote," Wright said of the GOP.
9326	"We don't have the general conditions that accompany the creation of systemic bubbles," he told a European Parliament committee.
9327	"We don't know why."
9328	"We don’t need politicians to make these kind of decisions.
9329	We don’t need to focus on them, we need to focus on what we did wrong.”
9330	"We don't want to be in the business of buying hardware and determining routing optimization and load balancing," says Trifiro.
9331	We drove with him to visit his vineyards and stopped in one of his favorites, called St. Aldegunder “Palmberg Terrassen.”
9332	Weeks later she retired, and never sang in live opera again, although some years later she made a concert tour with tenor Giuseppe DiStefano.
9333	"We expect to win," says shortstop Jose Reyes, one of the guys who came to town a year ago and didn't produce the way he expected.
9334	'We fell short,' hospital exec says October 22, 2014 -- Updated 0259 GMT (1059 HKT) Texas Presbyterian Hospital "fell short" several times in treating Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan, starting by not asking the right questions.
9335	We found each other funny, and that helped with bringing fun on the day.
9336	We freshened it up and made it a fun game.
9337	“We fully expected LeBron to opt-out and exercise his free agent rights, so this does not come as a surprise,” Heat president Pat Riley, who said he was informed of James’ decision earlier on Tuesday, said in a statement.
9338	"We get all the heights and ages of those missing and we compare it against the heights and ages of the deceased," Clegg explains in the CBC documentary.
9339	"We had a great experience with James on The Conjuring, and we give him a lot of credit for that movie working so well," New Line president Toby Emmerich said in a statement.
9340	"We had more damage in New Brunswick, we had 140,000 customers and right now we have restored about 110,000 so I think our performance has been very, very good," he said.
9341	We had our own DJs (shout out to Afrika Islam) our own clubs, our own style, and if you copied us we'd call you out.
9342	We had to pull back.
9343	"We have all been shocked and sickened by the barbarism we have witnessed in Iraq this summer," Cameron told parliament.
9344	"We have a long ways to go with this lady, and we are not feeling secure."
9345	We have a number of pop culture references and things that reflect great figures of our time here and there.
9346	We have a suspicion it's the narrowest, too.
9347	"We have been doing leak survey work throughout the night and we have now discovered a second underground leak," Burdeniuk said.
9348	We have ‘big,’ Canada is very big."
9349	We have capacity for 150 patients, but during the rainy season, we are often forced to keep children two or three to a bed.
9350	We have confidence and we have enough edge and grit, and I think it showed up this weekend."
9351	We have different guys stepping up and different guys picking each other up when they falter.
9352	"We have done well to reinforce our squad," Luis Enrique said.
9353	"We have lost everything, everything.
9354	"We have no choice but to go into it with great commitment and determination," Koroma said in a nationwide address broadcast on Monday.
9355	"We have seen the reports of interviews with the three American citizens detained in North Korea," White House spokesman, Patrick Ventrell, said in a statement.
9356	We have some tough games coming at home this season and this was just the first of them.”
9357	“We have the resources in place to deal with the current load,” Gravel says, but he admits that “we've been stretched to as far as we could probably go.”
9358	We have to close our boarders."
9359	"We have to let the process play out," he said.
9360	Wehby was backed by 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney, and Conger had been endorsed by Rick Santorum, the 2012 candidate who beat Romney in Iowa.
9361	"We hope all sides will keep a cool head and seek a political solution," he said, adding that further escalation should be avoided.
9362	We hope and pray that Rodman's comments and ongoing antics have not further endangered my brother.
9363	We hope our efforts will help us develop prevention and treatment strategies in the future.”
9364	We hope the administration will be more proactive in the future.
9365	We, however, have also recognized in the context of the international initiatives I have discussed today, that new product development is key to expanding on opportunities that are presented.
9366	Weigh in starts 30 minutes before the meeting.
9367	"We just can't just trust the President and say we are going to give you exactly every penny you want," he told CNN in an interview.
9368	“We just have this patchwork of really inappropriate targeted rates and laws,” said Martin, who also wants to repeal what he considers excessive traffic tickets and other civil fines.
9369	" We just weren't able to get enough offense back after that."
9370	We knew he was capable of this when we saw him in spring training.”
9371	"We knew when we went up higher in the regions - in the snow areas - that we would have difficult with ambiences, and the wind would have to carry most of it," he explains.
9372	“We know from what happened in New Orleans, we're going to have some difficulty with title or clear title succession.
9373	"We know what the polls say and he's not even close.
9374	Welding is courting fresh recruits—women in particular.
9375	Well, 10 rookies from the 57-80 Arizona Diamondbacks, who sit 16 games out of the second wild-card spot in the National League, sure know how.
9376	"We'll be hopeful that we'll receive government funding, hopefully on all three levels," said fundraising co-ordinator Heather White Brittain.
9377	We’ll get to the category errors in a minute.
9378	We'll have a full report on them soon.
9379	WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Three German nationals, including two 19-year-old tourists, are missing off New Zealand after their sailboat vanished.
9380	Well, no, but this harmless and nearly forgotten film did feature scenes in the Army and Navy on Whyte Avenue, as well as parts of 102nd Ave and 124th Street.
9381	Well, now you have a chance to as Commonwealth Games organisers have launched an auction site where you can win one of the Tunnock's teacake outfits from Wednesday's opening ceremony.
9382	We'll provide more detail here once we've had a bit of a read.
9383	"We'll see dozens of very successful companies emerge."
9384	"We'll start with the plan that we have and continue with additional consultation and collaboration on it," Prentice said.
9385	Well, that's the concept anyway.
9386	"We'll treat it just like gasoline," he said.
9387	"We looked at a number of sites, and this really was the most visible, the most centrally located," Neal said.
9388	We love how these Kenyan artisans further benefit their communities by using upcycled and natural materials.
9389	We love the chemistry.
9390	Welsh, who was head of the electrical department at Whitley Evergreen, left his house in Arlington at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday to meet his friend Steve Neal, 55, a plumber.
9391	“We made a couple of adjustments — we’re trying to get him over and behind the ball and out front — which seemed to help,’’ Cooper said.
9392	We make demands," Abdoulaye Issene, the leader of the Seleka told DPA news agency in the capital Bangui.
9393	We make recommendations and advise them of things to avoid, like smoking or drinking alcohol.
9394	We make the changes we can through disorder.
9395	"We make the ship lighter, distribute the weight better, and take off these consumers of energy," he explained.
9396	We may be able to win the war, even if we lose this battle."
9397	“We may fall down, or walk unsteadily.”
9398	"We may need to start a search for a new agency."
9399	We might have been able to be thankful for the lessons learned that came after the hardship.
9400	We must always remember this.
9401	We must let the market play its role,” he said.
9402	We must modernize government, streamline processes bring about efficiency and productivity for the delivery of public services.
9403	We naturally float back to happiness when we just let go of the thinking that pops up in our heads.
9404	Wendi Kunkel points out the key in the ignition on her 2010 Chevy Cobalt in Rockwall, Texas.
9405	We need action.
9406	We need to ensure we have the appropriate test of standing so that the system is balanced and fair and it works to the satisfaction of both the people in the energy industry and people who are directly and adversely affected by decisions that are made."
9407	"We need to go out, to make our contribution to regional and global peace," Jin said.
9408	“We never know when our last moment is going to be and thank God they are all going to be okay.”
9409	We noticed some visual artifacts on screen, but the opportunity to play fully fledged PS3 game on a TV screen sans any console should make up for that in the minds of many.
9410	“We obviously knew that was a little weird with it being deadbolted from the inside, and I immediately went to the drawer where I kept all my stuff … and the only thing that was left there was my wedding band.”
9411	We once were only a few, and now we are in a growth phase, but when we are hundreds or thousands across the nation, I would consider what we have done a success if that family core is always there!
9412	We pay tribute this week to the many kind gestures witnessed in our community in recent weeks.
9413	We realize it could always be worse.
9414	We're all family here."
9415	“We’re at graduation, everybody.
9416	"We're building a global business."
9417	We recently told you about a terrifying new interactive map that shows global cyberattacks happening in real time.
9418	We recommend the commissioning of a comprehensive study on the impact of subsidy reduction/removal on food and transport as well as creating a fuel subsidy reduction road map.
9419	We recommend you to keep yourself distant from the places at that time.
9420	“We’re confident that we’ve complied with not only the letter but the spirit of the law.
9421	"We're definitely going to have to get used to having more jellyfish around," he adds.
9422	"We're faring better than most of our public peers and most of our private peers, as well," Fogel says.
9423	"We’re going to be in his corner the whole way, and when he gets opportunities he’s going to make it happen."
9424	We’re going to control it.
9425	We're going to see how it goes in the first two tournaments."
9426	We're going to take really good care of you."
9427	"We're hoping this will turn into a pretty big business," Shawn said.
9428	“We’re imperfect people," said church spokesperson Justin Dean.
9429	We’re in a time where people are valuing again what people do with their hands.
9430	“We’re just following the reports today and we will continue to follow them as closely we can.”
9431	We're not just talking about the sale price here — there are a lot of associated expenses you need to factor into the equation too.
9432	“We’re not proud of ourselves and the coaches aren’t proud of us,” said wide receiver Mitch Mathews, who caught 16 passes for 182 yards and two touchdowns against Nevada.
9433	We're not sure what this dealership did to make this customer so angry, but they are surely paying for it.
9434	"We’re not worried about all the big new players, it’s exciting, it’s a good sign for the space," says Smith, Wink’s co-founder.
9435	"We're online banking every day and we register our vehicles online," he said.
9436	We’re only hearing the news now because Richards’ ex-wife Tracy filed civil suit against him last month.
9437	"We're really seeing the free market drive compliance, as one would expect.
9438	We're seeing huge increases in our digital revenues as a result, this financial year we reported a 24% rise to just short of £70 million.
9439	We're sorry, but we couldn't find the page you requested.
9440	"We're taking back the finish line."
9441	"We're very disappointed with the defeat because we played very well," Meyer said.
9442	We're very fortunate to have depth."
9443	“We’re very lucky to have that period,” Gillis said.
9444	We're very, very good at figuring out the dangerous aspects of our sport and how to cope with that.
9445	“We’re working right now with Spirit to understand what surge capacity they have,” Shanahan added.
9446	We rushed him to the hospital, where he was diagnosed with a ruptured spleen.
9447	We saw a couple deer (and elk) legs that had obviously been getting chewed on."
9448	"We saw one of the ears twitch, so we knew it was alive when it was still in the driveway," she said.
9449	We saw Riff Raff.
9450	"We saw some plays on tape that we just felt like we needed to expand that protection," McKay said.
9451	We see a little footage, and Benning responds enthusiastically.
9452	"We see opportunities for increasing the collaboration across Southeast Asia," she said.
9453	We should cut off the water and the electricity and not let anyone go to work.
9454	“We should learn from the success of other countries.
9455	We soon will be leaderless.
9456	"We start in about September placing our orders for our goodies and stuff we're going to give our customers and things like that," Woody said.
9457	Western powers suspect Iran's refusal to place strict limits on uranium enrichment capacity reflects an underlying agenda to preserve the option of accumulating enough fissile material to fuel nuclear bombs.
9458	West Ham striker Andy Carroll deflected a shot from Silva onto the post in first-half stoppage time, before Kompany doubled City's lead early in the second half by stabbing home from a corner.
9459	We still supply gas and electricity.
9460	West Midlands Fire Service says the blaze started at about 23:30 on Lissimore Drive in Tividale, during a one-hour strike by firefighters.
9461	West was on a moped that was struck by the car.
9462	“We take to the sea engulfed with fears of infection.
9463	We tightened things up a bit after that.
9464	"We urge Congress to pass that legislation, and that is what our position is."
9465	“We urge the CFPB to write new rules that make all checking accounts, including those for the military, safer and more transparent and that will protect military account holders from harmful or hidden practices no matter where they bank.”
9466	We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example.
9467	We use their products in a way that is fresh, fun, exciting and innovative, plus it serves a broader national development interest.
9468	"We've all experienced the sudden death of a loved one in our lives," the showrunners said in an explanatory letter.
9469	We’ve all lost our temper.
9470	We've already seen with recent beheadings that ISIS is an organization with no boundaries, so we should not be shocked or surprised."
9471	“We’ve been actively working on this for months,” Pyrzenski told the council.
9472	"We've decided to try and sort it out ourselves, but now we're refugees," King said.
9473	We've earned it.
9474	"We've got challenging films.
9475	"We've got to get here and get it done.
9476	We've grown a lot together, and there is obviously room to grow."
9477	"We've had the same offensive system in place here for seven years.
9478	“We’ve had to personally intervene to stop people being killed,” he said.
9479	"We've put posters up around the park, along popular running routes and contacted local running clubs, but it's hard to gauge how many we will get."
9480	"We very much appreciate the American efforts, but the Iraqi situation is incomparably difficult and complex, even for the global power.
9481	We've seen the consequences of that in the past and we should learn the lessons of history and make sure we don't let it happen again," Cameron said.
9482	We want our immigration laws enforced What?
9483	"We want these perpetrators to be put to justice and we want to know who is behind these extremist groups.
9484	We want to celebrate with our friends and neighbours that we did come back and that this is the outcome,” she said.
9485	"We want to ensure that each Jamaican has access to this technology.
9486	"We want to make it as good as that and hopefully even better in the years to come," he said.
9487	“We was killing ’em,’’ Wright said.
9488	We were about something new and different that was good for customers, and good for the community.
9489	We were amazed!
9490	"We were ecstatic," said Rebecca Crowder, director of Little Victories.
9491	We weren't able to peek inside the cabinetry to see just how many gas lines or propane tanks are required to fuel so many burners, but we have to imagine the gas bill wouldn't be cheap.
9492	We were pushing the limits of the cable and hoist capacity with each load.
9493	We were sold out when we quit, which is fairly unusual, but Elaine had enough.
9494	“We were talking about different plays, what Detroit was like, what Miami was like and New Orleans was like.
9495	'We were trapped': Eyewitness to the massacre in Kiev This was far more than protesters could have expected before the mass killing, but far less than they wanted afterward.
9496	“We were unable to locate anyone who knew about the undercover portion.”
9497	"We were victims of a crime and we deserve some justice."
9498	“We will be using this equipment to end war as fast as possible,” he said.
9499	We will continue to follow up on whether or not there's a loss of coverage for those who did not or could not pay.
9500	"We will definitely see more traffic jams in 2039, longer rush hours probably as well."
9501	“We will inform you by SMS as soon as funding is received and we can resume food assistance.”
9502	"We will need to see where the extenders bill will go in a very divided Congress."
9503	We will soon be getting owners reports.
9504	We will tell the truth to people abroad, so that everyone can see the real and not distorted and false image of Russia.
9505	We wish Fabrizio a speedy recovery," said Miguel Vidaor, the tournament director for the European Tour.
9506	“We wore them all the time.”
9507	"We work on the basis of friendly relations with our partners, and that's why Russia's skies are open to flights.
9508	We would arrange housing for temporary assignments, summer internship programs and even catastrophes.
9509	What about the noise?, yes it does make a little noise, but more quiet than what you might think, and the noise level can be alleviated by hovering at a higher altitude.
9510	"What a difference a year makes," Roberts said.
9511	What are the symptoms of Ebola and what happens if it goes untreated?
9512	What are you, morons?
9513	What China wants from Europe China's ultimate goal is to reach a wide-ranging trade agreement with the EU.
9514	What do you have to be wearing to look suspicious?" she asked before mimicking an offending police officer, " 'Where you going?
9515	What else can he do?
9516	What ensued was a clash of egos that left the high-powered auto executives deflated.
9517	Whatever happened to the military assistance?
9518	Whatever it is, we can deal with it,” Belichick said.
9519	Whatever material discomforts we had to endure were never inflicted maliciously or with a punitive objective.
9520	"Whatever you did at Christmas you can't undo that in a day.
9521	Whatever you do, don't visit your ex's Facebook page.
9522	What had been mostly a defensive struggle finally broke open when substitute Maxim Tissot sent fullback Eric Miller in on the left side.
9523	What happens after this course is many people feel "not ready" to start teaching.
9524	What happens if you need a passport to get across the few miles separating the town and Scotland?
9525	"What has been said is not scientifically disciplined.
9526	"What he did earlier makes no difference for me.
9527	What I expect from the Commission is a state-of-the-art consensus report on which specific interventions, and which combinations, are likely to be most effective in different contexts around the world.
9528	What if there was something that could hide perfectly until the very moment it wanted to be seen? he asks us.
9529	"What I have done has not been done before and it felt like it was worth a try."
9530	What is behind the pattern?
9531	What is one plus seven?
9532	What is Shabbat?
9533	What is this, recess? personally I think the Hawks need to develop and roll out a real, live, and..
9534	What is unclear, experts say, is the depth of the spying - and its legality.
9535	What is your attitude toward Hamas?
9536	"What I was interested in was a show that was authentic and real, and that will portray my life and how my family and I live.
9537	What keeps them going is that they just love the job.
9538	What makes Jessie Vetter solid in net "I kind of caught the puck in my jersey and then batted it out of the air," Stack said.
9539	"What makes this a perfect match for our offering is the level of engagement we can achieve for our clients via the impact it has on the user.
9540	"What our young male models require is support, support from family, friends and any Bahamians who want to see our guys involved in something positive,' said Ellis.
9541	What role do you reckon the army will play in the coming days?
9542	What scenario of developments do you anticipate?
9543	What she found along the way was strength, hope, and her ability to touch others dealing with overwhelming grief.
9544	What should I do?
9545	What’s important about this is that Palin’s new attorney seems to be saying something different than the governor had about cooperating fully with the investigation.
9546	What’s much less clear is when it will reopen.
9547	What’s next, Guantanamo Bay sponsoring the Liberty Bowl?”
9548	What some people do to one other is abhorrent.
9549	What's on for the weekend 20 Jun 2014Looking for something to do this weekend?
9550	What started off as a small collection of boat races -- held over just a single afternoon on the River Thames near London -- has morphed into a five-day sporting and social extravaganza, where anyone who wants to be seen, attends.
9551	What's the point in counting them.
9552	"What's the point of lying to you?
9553	What's unknown is just how profoundly it will affect their emerging sexuality.
9554	What's your must stop coffee shop?
9555	What the judge ruled was is that NFL had already punished Rice for his conduct; and, since Rice did not lie about what he had done, the video did not show any "new" evidence that Goodell did not already know.
9556	What they're flagging are companies who are outliers from a strategy perspective, or a cost-tied-to-strategy perspective.
9557	"What they would like to see is to get rid of the Security Council sanctions very quickly, immediately," he said.
9558	"What this really came down to was passion and how hard we worked.
9559	WHAT TO AVOIDPush insurers for a copy of the "Explanation of Benefits" (EOB), which is more detailed than the standard summary, Bangit says.
9560	What to know about Aaron Hernandez July 11, 2014 -- Updated 0228 GMT (1028 HKT) Here is a look at the life of Aaron Hernandez, former New England Patriots tight end charged with the murders of Odin Lloyd, Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado.
9561	What was that we were saying about all these Web 3.0 food-delivery services being possibly doomed?
9562	What was the Holocaust?
9563	What we are trying to stress is that it is important for the negotiators not to focus on simply ending the war, they have to focus on how the war is being fought.
9564	"What we ended up doing was manually entering the data, so right now today we're going through proofing that," said Weeks.
9565	"What we intended to do was reinforce knowledge where people had some foundation, and fill in gaps in areas where they had none," says Abe Weiss, executive director of the Rutgers Center for Management Development.
9566	What we're all agreed on is that, all around the world, everyone is talking about it.
9567	"What we're doing is airstrikes," Jones said.
9568	“What we wonder now is whether there is a greater risk among kids and young adults,” CDC flu expert Dr. Joe Bresee says.
9569	What will Philae reveal? November 16, 2014 -- Updated 1510 GMT (2310 HKT) From the realms of science fiction to science fact, Rosetta mission's scientists succeeded in landing a washing machine-sized probe named Philae on a moving comet.
9570	What would be your recommendations to African governments to make sure stability persists or improves in their countries?
9571	What you need to know about social media activism What do the "OccupyWallStreet" and "CancelColbert" hashtags have in common?
9572	What you recommend, annual or lifetime?
9573	What you're hoping for is that, every week, you'll be able to run just that little bit further.
9574	What you're paying for is time travel back to the go-go days of Pan American World Airways in the 1970s.
9575	W.H. considers response to Sony attack Washington outraged over Sony decision The access has led to some suspicion of perhaps an inside job.
9576	Wheeler said the biggest challenge he has is having adequate personnel and getting that personnel adequate training to address the new waves of crime that crop up.
9577	When 16-year-old Tariq is shot and killed by a white man everyone has a perspective on what actually happened.
9578	When Adams died, Sullivan's first inclination was to walk away from it all, to return to Australia.
9579	When airwaves become available—over the next few years, the government is expected to auction off big parcels of unused spectrum—AT&T and Verizon Wireless (VZ) can easily afford to snap them up.
9580	When an election campaign is not underway, there is a single, permanent board of revisers for all of Quebec.
9581	When another participant in the secret deliberations argued that not telling the Pakistani army would humiliate its sense of honor, then-Secretary Clinton exploded and said, “What about our national honor?
9582	When a senior IRS executive apologized over the issue, a furor ensued that led to the resignation of the chief of the IRS, multiple investigations and hearings and bipartisan condemnation of the tax agency.
9583	When authority figures can operate with impunity and seemingly make up the rules as they see fit with no fear of accountability or penalty the seeds of autocracy, oligarchy, fascism, and yes royalty take root.
9584	When Cowin took ownership, the roof leaked through the attic and three floors to the front foyer.
9585	"When did you know that that promise was not going to be kept?"
9586	“Whenever you achieve team success, individual recognition comes along with it,” Sounders coach Sigi Schmid said.
9587	When Ha Ha is in your name, you can't take yourself too too seriously -- which is almost never a bad thing in the weighty, overly spotlit world of L.A. comedy.
9588	"When he actually finished his draft, it was me that looked over it," said Kats.
9589	When he appeared in the Morant Bay RM court earlier this week, he entered a guilty plea on a charge of manslaughter.
9590	When he died in 1947, the home remained in his family until the 1970s.
9591	When he launched his fledgling presidential campaign in 2011, few took Santorum seriously.
9592	When he returned to South Africa to reapply for a permit to return to Canada, he said he realized he could not live there because he was constantly afraid for his safety.
9593	When he returned, triumphant, to the mayoralty in 1994, Barry’s message for anyone upset he was back was blunt: “Get over it.”
9594	When her sister, who works at Rutgers University, mentioned the school's mini MBA program to her, she jumped at the opportunity, using a week of vacation to attend the program and paying for it out of pocket.
9595	"When he sees writers unjustly vilified, prosecuted, or forced into exile, he takes a personal interest."
9596	When he stepped outside his home on Lemon Street around 10:15 a.m. and saw the flooding, he started gathering as many towels as he could find.
9597	When he was charged, Grimm called the case "a political witch hunt" and declared, "I'm a moral man, a man of integrity."
9598	When he was released after 27 years in prison, she and other exiled South Africans gathered in jubilance to welcome Mandela to Washington, D.C., four months later.
9599	When he was searched, officers found 53 grams of crack cocaine and a “large quantity of cash,” police say.
9600	When I ask clients to prioritize their travel events, eating is never number one; usually it's four or five.
9601	When I discovered this a few years ago, I started making these insanely easy, totally crave-worthy milkshakes.
9602	'When I first got the call, I said this was like my Olympics.
9603	When I first moved to San Francisco at age 19, I once found myself in a classroom where I was the lone Caucasian.
9604	When I'm mayor, I want to be able to look at that budget and really drill down at every number and find out where that waste is and make sure that it gets reduced or eliminated.
9605	“When I realised what had happened I went into a state of shock.
9606	When I spoke with League he was beaming yuletide happiness, drinking a can of Four Loko (an energy-alcoholic beverage he calls the "perfect Christmas drink").
9607	When I was just beginning to DJ in the 90’s, it was like ok, here’s this music, we have these parties, go to these raves, you see all these kids, thousands and thousands of kids, really into this music, why wouldn’t you market it?
9608	When Joyce Schlose, Goodwill's chief people officer and a genealogy enthusiast, heard about the discovery from Goodwill's CEO, she knew she had to find the family.
9609	When Lewis and Clarke pushed up the Missouri River in 1804, some 60 million bison ranged the plains (an educated guess, but, in any case, lots of buffalo).
9610	“When my father saw me he was terrified.
9611	When: October 19 from noon to 4 p.m. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines.
9612	“When paramedics arrived they began working on the injured man.
9613	When publication of the letter was flagged on Monday the Irish finance department said it was confident it had not breached state aid rules and had responded to the Commission to address "concerns and misunderstandings."
9614	When quarterback Russell Wilson had a passing camp last month, Pelesasa volunteered to help.
9615	When Rancic moved to start interviewing Leto, he wouldn't let go of Clarke's arm.
9616	When Republicans won the House in the 2010 election, corporate tax reform was supposedly one of the areas in which the GOP House and Senate Democrats could find agreement.
9617	When Ross Harris was brought into the courtroom in his orange prison jumpsuit, she appeared to get emotional.
9618	When Russia bid to host its first Winter Olympics in 2007, a document quoted an expected cost of around $12 billion.
9619	When sending us pictures, video or eyewitness accounts at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws.
9620	When she did not return to the specified meeting point, the companion called authorities.
9621	When she first showed up at a national competition in the southern Indian city of Chennai, Kowli was a judge.
9622	"When she starts elementary school, those swings can get crazy," she says, adding that she once witnessed a toddler walk right in front of a moving swing.
9623	"When someone you love is sick, you want to hold that person, you want to carry them," said Johansen.
9624	When that doesn't happen, patients can find themselves in a situation like Jacqueline Samuels, a low-income patient battling end-stage renal disease.
9625	When that’s the case, you have your smartest people tune the life out of the system.”
9626	When the action started, Hamilton swiftly took advantage of pole position to win by 17 seconds from teammate Nico Rosberg, with reigning four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel in a distant third for Red Bull.
9627	When the Democrats' report was completed in 2012, just one Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, joined Democrats in voting to approve it.
9628	When the deputies arrived, they were informed that the suspect had already run off.
9629	When the facility submits its application, it should only take a few days to deliver the paperwork, he said.
9630	When the family had to sell the bikes to save some money, it crushed Blaec.
9631	When the family was together in one room, Haskell began to shoot them in a brazen attack that showed elements of planning, said Thomas, who appeared distraught after reading details of the crime to the court.
9632	When the girls first came home, they were swaddled and always on their backs, say their parents.
9633	When the passenger was asked to describe the driver, he said he was about "six-foot two, six-foot three, with a fake tan, wearing a black shirt, and tight jeans."
9634	When the patient arrives at the hospital, the ambassador receives Tsh.10,000 ($6 or 4.37 euro) as an incentive.
9635	When the PLP became the Government, BaTelCo did not have a Voice over IP (VoIP) offering the VIBE.
9636	When the RCMP contacted him after last week’s attacks, he didn’t mind, he said.
9637	When the season wrapped up on June 1 the average size of clams was a plump 4.9 inches at Long Beach; 5.0 at Twin Harbors and Copalis; and 4.8 at Mocrocks.
9638	When the theater moved to the Kennedy Street basement, the name came with it.
9639	When the U.S. dropped the atom bomb on Japan back in the ‘40s, Chicken Little ran around saying ‘The sky is falling!
9640	"When the vote tallies are not read aloud, it makes it harder for the media and therefore the public to get the information they need to hold lawmakers accountable."
9641	“When they do play those teams that have played year-round, they just feel like they don’t belong on the field,” Miller said.
9642	When they got back to the truck that night, the purses and bag were gone.
9643	When they were sent to France they took part in some of the fiercest battles of the war, including Vimy Ridge and Passchendaele.
9644	"When this guy commits another crime, the blood's going to be on that judge's shoulders."
9645	When those contracts result in savings, that counts as a profit.
9646	When Todd Reed was at Carrick's clinic, not long after Crosby, he found himself waiting alongside football and hockey players to take a spin in one of these chairs.
9647	When to drive back home: If you’re deciding between Saturday and Sunday, Google has found Charlotte-area traffic is 7 percent worse on Saturday.
9648	When users sign up, they give ISIS permission to send tweets through their own personal accounts.
9649	When was the last time you've seen Detroit portrayed so beautifully?
9650	When we asked Abu Anwar what message he had for friends back home, it was a call to join the fight.
9651	“When we evaluate job applicants or make promotion decisions, we cannot help but be influenced by stereotypical beliefs about what a typical or ideal kindergarten teacher or professor looks (or should look) like.
9652	When we focus on externals, enough is never enough. 7. Stop worrying about what other people think and commit to it as a way of life.
9653	"When we got this hearing, and when we started learning about these Colombian witnesses who were corroborating his innocence, Kris really cheered up," said Smith.
9654	"When we left, we barely had time to take anything with us; we're sharing blankets," she said.
9655	When we look at life through the lens of "one," everything becomes that much more attainable.
9656	When we put out the notice that we were looking for these photos, it was hard to determine what, if any, feedback we would get.
9657	When we watched him, he has a presence about him as a player.
9658	When will this endless gravy train stop, if ever?
9659	When working with the banking cards, it is impossible not to show true volumes and to avoid taxation.
9660	"When you are a kid, that's what you want to do," Ford says.
9661	“When you can win a game in the Pac-12 without playing good, that’s a good sign.
9662	“When you give up explosive plays in a drive, that’s when they score.
9663	“When you look at an act that is random, certainly it is a great cause for concern, so we want to make sure that we’re working with the community doing everything that we can to ensure the safety measures are in place,” Watts said.
9664	'When you see two puppets having sex, that's really really funny.'
9665	'When you start targeting people in particular, whether it’s because of their skin colour or religion or culture, it only complicates matters.'
9666	When you tap the center of the screen while reading, the page zooms out to allow you to easily slide between pages in the book — in practice, it looks identical to iOS 8's multitasking view, for example.
9667	Where are Iraq's security forces to confront these self-proclaimed holy warriors?
9668	Where are the leaders who will forcefully advocate for the necessary changes?
9669	Where do you learn how to do that?” she added.
9670	Where do you start?
9671	Where is the mythical city we can all live in, where we cut taxes but get more public benefits for our reduced responsibility as citizens?
9672	Where SanDisk expects to fetch $189 for a 240GB Extreme Pro ($0.78 per gigabyte), the company will be asking just $115 for a 240GB Ultra II drive ($0.48 per gigabyte).
9673	Where's Tracksuit Al Sharpton? 5pts Vader means father in Dutch.
9674	Where the two worldviews converge is that power comes from the individual.
9675	Whether it is tee for two or tea for two, the concept is one that Percival is also happy to endorse, even within the walls of female oasis Grace Belgravia.
9676	Whether it's stocks not crashing or the economy going a long time without a recessions, stability makes people feel safe.
9677	Whether they are selling through restaurants, consumer markets, we’re trying to help them do that and to help our neighbors have access to healthy food that they can prepare and eat in a healthy way.”
9678	Whether you're a man or woman, PBP will have you saying, "Once a month is more than enough!"
9679	Whichever phone runs iOS, wins.
9680	Which explains why, at the age of 67, Lokey found himself back in the Coliseum in August.
9681	Which is how the Conservative cabinet minister found himself face-down in a pit of mud — literally — at l'Expo Saint-Isidore, savouring victory over a local pig.
9682	Which is odd, because searching the name of my own state senator, Stacey Campfield, turns up a page of results, involving criticisms of him for saying something "extreme".
9683	Which made me curious: What’s the best way to handle an interview when the person interviewing you isn’t looking for someone to hire?
9684	Which used to be illegal as well.
9685	While another delay prolongs the economic vulnerability of these workers, it also gives the rule's opponents time to mount efforts to repeal it.
9686	While Bottom's Up just opened in Bakersfield, at the corner of Stockdale and Allen, it's brewed controversy in some of its longer-served communities.
9687	While Brazil originally blazed the trail, women’s teams in Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Venezuela are starting to give the soccer powerhouse a run for its money.
9688	While Collins was calling 9-1-1, a woman came around the curve and Collins flagged her down.
9689	While companies are always expanding or contracting, the hiring hasn't kept up with the job trimming.
9690	While Dannenmaier's infection was not as bad, she says she now thinks differently about going to the salon.
9691	"While deal activity has been concentrated in the US, we're likely to continue to see opportunistic investments by American healthcare facilities and managed care companies in both mature and emerging markets."
9692	While Democrats in Congress sat by, the president continued to minimize the threat posed by ISIS and pursued a ‘wait and see’ foreign policy, putting our country at greater and greater risk as the threat continued to build.
9693	While greatly outnumbered by males who have committed multiple killings, cases of females who kill repeatedly do occur, and women have been executed as serial killers.
9694	While Huckabee said Democrats were the ones who were patronizing women in their pitch for government-sponsored birth control, Democrats quickly seized on Huckabee's phrasing to underscore their campaign.
9695	While in January 2013 she told a questioner that she was "not thinking about anything like that right now," she told People Magazine earlier this month that she knows she has "a decision to make."
9696	While it’s not unusual for the president to be invoked in federal races, the focus on Obama at the state level is comparatively novel, according to Kyle Kondik, a political analyst at the University of Virginia's Center for Politics.
9697	While Iveson acknowledged the increase in road work may be a headache for Edmontonians, he said its necessary.
9698	While John Calipari and the rest of Big Blue Nation probably would’ve liked the Wildcats to figure it out a little sooner – an eight seed isn’t ideal when heading into the bracket – no one can argue with the results over the past few games.
9699	While lenders often will issue customers a card after it's been lost, stolen or used to make an unauthorized purchase, Capital One and JPMorgan are taking action based on whether accounts may be compromised.
9700	While marginal gains in toothbrushing might not sound like much, the overall point about the power of big data is certainly valid.
9701	While Moore indicated the injunction is expected to be granted, he said the question is whether to put his decision on hold.
9702	While Morehouse offered to almost fully fund my attendance, Emory barely gave me a quarter of its cost.
9703	While one winner is widely expected, it's possible that NASA will tap multiple companies, agency officials said.
9704	While partisanship and rancor have polluted public discussions about science at the national level, an inspiring number of scientists, community groups, and even comedians stood up for science over the past year.
9705	While Peterson was a part of the team Tuesday, Gov. Mark Dayton called for the Vikings to suspend him.
9706	While previous research has shown a four-year college degree can double a person's earning potential and an associate's degree can boost earnings by as much as 22 percent, few studies have made the same assessment for shorter college stays.
9707	While Putin continues to show he is not interested in the opinion of the rest of the world, this fact will have rather serious consequences for the occupied peninsula itself.
9708	While Reed feels fortunate to be alive, the slide didn’t leave him unscathed.
9709	While Shi'ites live in fear of the Islamic State, Sunnis in towns near Baghdad are growing increasingly resentful of government forces backed by Shi'ite militias they accuse of kidnapping and killing.
9710	While some in France contend the law liberates Muslim woman who are sometimes forced to cover their hair or their faces, Muslims have countered that the ban stigmatizes their religion.
9711	While speaking at an American Chamber of Commerce Forum last week, Tomblin said the government does not like to pay its electricity bill.
9712	"While the committee's aim was to simplify the disclosure process, Congress must always move in the direction of more disclosure, not less," Pelosi said.
9713	While the final scoreline looks comfortable, Whites were still in the game until a 90th-minute own goal from former Gillingham defender Connor Essam wrapped up the points for Torquay.
9714	While the fully developed relationships between the characters ground the film, the high-concept gags will keep audiences' bellies sore from laughter.
9715	While the globally connected functionality of the internet's infrastructure is no secret, much of innovation and business has remained in silos and behind walls around the world to date.
9716	While the Golden Temple (Gurdwara Hamandir Sahib) in Punjab, India, is the central worship place for Sikhs, Julee Khoo says the smaller Gurdwara Sri Tarn Taran Sahib was just as beautiful.
9717	While the Prince has worn some more upscale items, designer duds for the sandbox set if you will, he has also worn those pieces more than once.
9718	While there are plenty of skeptics, the Brusaws also have been gaining backers.
9719	While the Red Sox were off Tuesday, the Yankees played their season-opener in Houston.
9720	"While we are giving authority to local administrative bodies, we are obliged — under any circumstances — not to lose authority over the country," Tymoshenko told lawmakers.
9721	While Wednesday was the final day of the House’s session, representatives have added an extra day to the session in order to approve bills requiring a final vote.
9722	"While we have challenges to address, the opportunities in Alaska and our country are limitless," Sullivan said.
9723	"While we're winning in the polls, while 'Obamacare' is really dismantling, big government concepts of Democrats and Obama disintegrating, why in the world do we want to go out and change the subject and revive the patient?"
9724	While we won't have complete turnout numbers until the provisional ballots are counted, people are tweeting current ballot counts at precincts across the city.
9725	While younger players wilted in the extra-time thriller against the United States on Tuesday, the big, powerful defender stood tall for 120 minutes in the evening heat of Salvador to help ensure the 2-1 victory.
9726	Whilst viewers might suspect this could be to get away from Steve, terminate a pregnancy, or simply (and most likely) for the fact the she may be genuinely unwell, no housemate ever wants to leave through the backdoor.
9727	Whirlpool acquired Inglis in 1987 and changed the company name to Whirlpool Canada in 2001.
9728	White had come to Russia after a wild winter he spent trying to qualify in two events.
9729	White House officials are putting final touches on a package of immigration executive orders that have Republicans outraged.
9730	White House senior advisor Dan Pfieffer admonished that "whenever someone tries to use the president's likeness to promote a product, that's a problem."
9731	Whitehurst’s story is similar to that of many of her classmates who quit high school in their teens, started families and returned to school several years later.
9732	Whiteman’s clean hands during BBL 03 netted four stumpings with four catches as he handled the tricky Brad Hogg with aplomb.
9733	Who am I?” In a statement that stopped short of taking responsibility or naming Lippert, the University of Utah Health Care system says it appears Branum’s daughter was fathered by a clinic employee.
9734	Who are the Koch brothers?
9735	Who benefits from such sensationalized “science” reporting in Taiwan?
9736	Who does Michelle Obama say she wants to be like when she “grows up”?
9737	Who do you think is right in this situation?
9738	Who do you think NK expects will be in charge of a unified Korea?
9739	Who ever torched the bus also damaged a van nearby.
9740	Who is Justin Ross Harris?
9741	“Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” runs from Nov. 6 to 8. View the policies on commenting here.
9742	Who seeks help at La Vigile? 56% of clients are treated for depression 68.8% of clients have experienced suicidal distress 42% of clients are women 75% of clients are in military "I recommend everyone goes to therapy,” said Gagnon.
9743	Who's getting your vote for Idaho governor on Election Day?
9744	“Who’s Hungry” plays out on a 24-foot dinner table.
9745	Why aren't more women getting tech jobs?
9746	Why can't there be compromise?
9747	"Why can't we do it here, in the place we love?"
9748	Why do they not specify the type they are talking about.
9749	Why get rid of someone that was so instrumental last year?
9750	Why I changed my mind on weed August 9, 2013 -- Updated 0044 GMT (0844 HKT) Over the last year, I have been working on a new documentary called "Weed."
9751	Why is Europe silent?
9752	Why is that coming out?
9753	Why it's so bad it's bad: You'd think a period piece with Jessica Chastain, Colin Farrell and Samantha Morton could be something good, right?
9754	Why No. 11? Because Art Briles is back.
9755	Why not consider sesame?
9756	Why on earth should that little boy who watched his father being bullied trust the police when he’s older?
9757	Why The Beatles made it in America January 28, 2014 -- Updated 1901 GMT (0301 HKT) Ben Fong-Torres formerly of Rolling Stone magazine tells CNN's Piers Morgan why The Beatles made it in America.
9758	Why train and hire someone you KNOW is just going to quit and doesn’t REALLY give a rats butt about the job.
9759	Why We're Excited: Beyond this being James Gandolfini's last film, Tom Hardy plays with a dog.
9760	Why We're Excited: The third "Night at the Museum" movie provides us with a chance to see Robin Williams on screen, one of the final four times this will happen.
9761	Why would Charlie want to be Governor again?
9762	Why would you want someone to join your religion by the threat of death?”
9763	WICHITA, Kan. – Wichita State coach Gregg Marshall was thrilled his standout guards, Fred VanVleet and Ron Baker, received so much preseason recognition.
9764	Willett, along with his wife and caddie, undertook the assisted sky dive on Monday, free-falling for the first 300 meters (1,000 feet) in aid of two U.K. charities.
9765	Williams' death penalty trial is the first in the history of Hawaii's statehood.
9766	Williams was reluctant to get into the issue that week, though he certainly understood the significance of the moment.
9767	Williams was the volunteer host each year for the Charlotte breast cancer fundraising benefit, Laugh for the Cure, Pace said.
9768	Will Long also finished 2-under for the round, collecting three birdies on Saturday after shooting par on the first 10 holes he played in the tournament.
9769	Will Monfils dominate as well with a racket in his hand when the Open kicks off tomorrow?
9770	Will Sommer June 2nd, 2014 For what it's worth, Shallal would have to move before he could run in Ward 4. He's a Ward 1 resident.
9771	Will the controversy impact 2016?
9772	Will this year's ratings top 2010?
9773	’ Wilson said he doesn’t think there is any difference in the locker room this year compared to his first two seasons and said, “Our locker room is great.
9774	Wilson wrote in his letter "it is my hope that my resignation will allow the community to heal."
9775	Windows 7 also gives Microsoft a better-performing—and higher-priced—operating system to sell on netbooks.
9776	Winning trainer Christophe Clement wryly noted he was sure he would be able to sleep at night.
9777	Winnipeg looks at new speed limits for school zones "It's a very small baby step toward safe schools," said Coun.
9778	Winnipeg will have a strong northwest flow bringing moisture off the big lakes.
9779	Winslow Townson, USA TODAY Sports Mariah Bell completes her free skate.
9780	Winston looked much better over the last three quarters, though.
9781	WisconsinNative0604 5pts @USA Gent No, someone killed him and then took the time to rope him from a tree.
9782	With 100 percent of election districts reporting, Rangel held an 1,828-vote lead over Espaillat, out of the nearly 48,000 votes that had been counted, according to NY1.
9783	With 8.50 Euros, no one receives a pension that protects from poverty.
9784	With a diameter of 7.1 meters, the Beluga has an incredibly large cargo hold.
9785	With an 18-4 record (6-2 in the A-10), Lonergan and the Colonials will sleep easy – dreaming of new ways to keep their offensive balance and suffocating 1-3-1 defense for Saturday’s homecoming matchup against lowly Fordham.
9786	With annual funds of 430 million euros (538,267,550 dollars), Afghanistan currently receives more development aid from Germany that any other country in the world.
9787	With approval from the Nicaraguan Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources, the company is hard at work, setting up glass cases with sawdust beds as part of a project to breed 7,000 tarantulas.
9788	With a reputation for quality vehicles and friendly service, Manitowoc drivers continue to choose Maritime Ford for all their automotive needs.
9789	With Cahill around, though, they'll always have a fighting chance.
9790	With Carnival, Donald says, "You're not marketing a product, you're marketing an experience, a life experience."
9791	With drilling companies busy around the world, the first partial openings in the late 2000s proved unattractive.
9792	With few jobs in the area, Salgado's sons have little choice, but he fears for their health.
9793	With files from CBC's Alison Northcott, Justin Hayward Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines.
9794	"With Indiegogo, millions of people around the globe can be a part of which films get made.
9795	With inflation at 1.5 percent, below the 2 percent target, pressure to raise rates remains muted.
9796	Within the special issue, which also features the magazine's annual “50 Finest List,” the Johnson's also share their secrets to maintaining a healthy, stable marriage despite Magic’s rigorous work schedule.
9797	With Jolly's win keeping the House seat in GOP hands, the Democrats still need win 17 seats in November to regain control of the chamber.
9798	With less than 7 minutes in the first period, freshman forward Josh Meyers gave the Warriors the lead on the power play, putting in a rebound with a nifty back-handed shot.
9799	With Mercedes unmatchable for speed, Hamilton looks like he could beat even those incredible numbers, with four-time defending champion Vettel rapidly drifting from contention.
9800	"With my incredibly talented medical team, I'm ready to try and win another big game," he said.
9801	With no formal relations between the United States and Iran, the U.N. mission is Tehran's only diplomatic operation in the United States and has played a role in facilitating unofficial exchanges of messages between the two nations.
9802	Without divulging the ending, I’ll just say that Newton’s fate in the novel is far more horrific.
9803	Without intense pressure from the outside, it is likely that almost nothing would have been done, which is precisely why local activists first created the hashtag.
9804	"Without specialised prosecutors there is no chance.
9805	With recent figures showing a return to growth, the government had said it wanted to exit the bailout completely by the end of 2014.
9806	With respect to waterboarding and the more aggressive techniques, they clearly sounded brutal to me.
9807	With rightwing activists like Baldwin, Yiannopoulos and even political blogger Ed Morrissey—who works for well known conservative commentator Michelle Malkin—dipping into the fight, we now have entirely new lines being drawn.
9808	With such a weak balance of payments position it has been impossible for decades to run the economy at full throttle.
9809	With that camera he photographs pregnant women right before they give birth.
9810	With that much money coming in, Mayer could afford to make a big splash by buying a hot startup such as rising social media star Pinterest or the ephemeral messaging service Snapchat.
9811	With the ball firmly between your legs, pull your knees up towards your chest and squeeze your lower abdominal muscles.
9812	With their backs against the wall in Game 6, the Blackhawks scored three third-period goals to tie the series.
9813	With “the risk of the payer shifting to the consumer,” telemedicine’s lower costs can offer a significant advantage to consumers, Parker said.
9814	With these rules, you're going to be back in the 70s in scoring.
9815	With the software uploaded, the insurance portal could be coerced into sending huge amounts of traffic to other websites, taking them offline for extended periods of time.
9816	Witnesses reported between one and five suspects in each of the incidents.
9817	Witnesses who testified on behalf of the elk said the sight of the hulking animal was a highlight on countless hikes and jogs.
9818	Witness Katherine Carpio told KABC-TV that at one point the man was crying and emotional.
9819	Women made up a staggering 82 percent of the opening-weekend audience for the adaptation of John Green's YA novel about teenage cancer patients -- comparatively, "Twilight's" initial audience was only 75 percent female.
9820	Women, on the other hand, are more likely to ruminate - to experience continuous negative self talk.
9821	Women whose cancer is spread or "upstaged" by morcellation may not even know that the surgery they thought was helping made their problem much worse.
9822	Wood believes that investors will recognize companies' decreased earnings power and reduction of dividends, and then react accordingly.
9823	Woods said the injury is unrelated to the back surgery he underwent March 31 to ease a pinched nerve that sidelined him for nearly four months, but that does not mean it will heal in time for Woods to play at Gleneagles.
9824	Word feels like just as powerful of a text editor, and in some cases — like when you're trying to move around and scale images — it can even be easier to use with touch.
9825	Work and quality of life Our exclusive poll found that after loved ones, work was the second most common reason anglophones said they are staying in Quebec.
9826	Work coming out of Boeing South Carolina was problematic from the beginning of the 787 program 10 years ago, when the fuselage facilities were operated by suppliers Vought and Alenia.
9827	Work from Oberhauser’s lab suggests that this could happen.
9828	Working group recommended ban Last July, Ontario established the Ontario Bee Health Working Group, which submitted a final report last March.
9829	@workingman How about this?
9830	Work on them constantly. 31. It's actually possible to turn your big dreams into actionable goals and create the life you want on your own terms.
9831	Work together and finish earlier.
9832	World Class Company.
9833	WorldCon’s appeal includes the chance to meet like-minded fans plus provide access to noted science fiction or fantasy authors and artists, Whitmore added.
9834	World Cup Day 8: Two former champions battle for survival The day after Spain, the defending champions, exited the competition, the battle to secure a place in the knockout stage intensifies as England and Uruguay face judgment day.
9835	World Health Organization officials, wearing protective gear against the Ebola virus, prepare to ent … Her son meanwhile is ultimately "happy I'm a survivor" but life has not been the same since.
9836	World traveler Kris Dreessen captured this tender moment between two llamas during a visit to Machu Picchu in June.
9837	Worst of all, intimate personal details about almost every one of Sony Pictures' 6,800 employees, including full names, birth dates, medical data, Social Security numbers, salaries and company-issued credit cards are up for grabs on the Internet.
9838	Would I have put the time and effort into making sure they were a success for me?
9839	WOW programs are also in demand for scout troops, 4-H and other organized youth groups.
9840	“Wow,” thought Quenneville when a stoppage finally came, relieved that the Kings didn’t find a way to end his club’s season as they sped up and down the ice trading chances.
9841	Wright spent several years at the Newport School District before retiring.
9842	Written with Mark Heyman — an old friend from New York University film school, which Johnson attended after UW — the story of Maggie and Milo gradually evolved, with the characters aging as the writers did over eight years of development.
9843	Wrong, wrong and wrong again.
9844	Wyatt writes for The Tennessean.
9845	X Bloomberg Businessweek Companies & Industries Canadians Didn't Trust Target Even Before the Data Breach By Susan Berfield January 22, 2014 Target (TGT) didn’t venture outside of America until last year, when it opened 124 stores in Canada.
9846	Xinhua asked Wang to contribute to an internal report on the landfills for party officials.
9847	Xplore's latest Windows tablet promises rugged design without the bulk BY Daniel Cooper @danielwcooper 8 hours ago Xplore Technologies makes tablets that are so rugged, just picking one up will cause your palms to go all hairy.
9848	Xscape doesn't come close to clearing that bar.
9849	Xu's trial is China's highest-profile dissident proceeding since 2009, when Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo was put on trial for subversion after he helped organize the "Charter 08" petition urging the overthrow of one-party rule.
9850	Yahoo was not immediately available for comment about Starboard's letter.
9851	Y.) and Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) aims to set up a Shareholder Bill of Rights that would let investors nominate directors and separate the chairman and CEO roles, among other things.
9852	Yanukovich's possessions on display in Kiev Play Video He suggested the monitors might have been using their diplomatic status "to carry out reconnaissance of the resistance positions, for the benefit of the Ukrainian army".
9853	Yazidi refugees braced for life in exile They are the faces of a community on the run.
9854	“Yeah, we’re in a phase of Super Bowl right now,’’ Carroll said.
9855	Years ago the wrong decision was made to give Leno the Tonite show instead of Letterman.
9856	Year-to-date: Up 2.1 percent.
9857	Yellow Line trains will operate every 20 minutes throughout the weekend.
9858	Yeo's club could bounce back against an Edmonton team which allows a league-worst 3.51 goals per game, including 24 during its 0-4-1 skid on the road.
9859	Yes, Christian love for their fellow man.
9860	Yes, moms deserve a ton of gratitude and thanks.
9861	Yes, there are ebbs and flows in basketball games.
9862	Yes, these are tragic numbers and discouraging findings.
9863	Yes, we need to build systems of accountability for children at all levels - international, national and local.
9864	Yes, we support the athletes, especially New Jersey natives like Wayne bobsledder Jazmine Fenlator.
9865	Yet a modern submarine fleet is critical for Taiwan's defence, analysts say.
9866	Yet, a vast of number of veterans never recover from what they witness on the battlefield.
9867	Yet experts say the odds of success for any company are long.
9868	Yet government healthcare employees say they are still working without basic protective clothing and are not receiving adequate compensation.
9869	Yet in the 2014 midterm elections, while there's still time to reset our course to resilience, climate change is not a top worry, does not promise to drive turnout, will not inspire a wave election.
9870	Yet, still a space remains on Shoreham's memorial where Pte Highgate's name could go.
9871	Yet studies show the benefits of eating à la Mediterranean.
9872	Yet the office of Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin issued a statement indicating "execution officials said Lockett remained unconscious after the lethal injection drugs were administered."
9873	Yet the price right now is far lower, at around $85 per barrel.
9874	YMMV, of course, but that's been my experience.
9875	"You always stay confident, stay ready," Curry said.
9876	"You are pretty fair guy."
9877	You are pushing religion, not science.
9878	You can also catch up with full programmes in the "Live Coverage" tab.
9879	You can easily use an old pillow for the marshmallow piece.
9880	"You can get a mass amount of customers to contemplate lighting for the first time ever."
9881	You cannot have clean, safe water or a healthy population without good sanitation and good hygiene practices.
9882	You can parrot that term all you want, but I don't think you truly understand it.
9883	You can quote me on that.
9884	You can see Barracuda coming.
9885	You can see if you desire what we have? coach purses on sale January 5, 2011 4:25 AM The most obvious thing to look for is Coach’s signature initial “C”.
9886	You can share your experiences with us on the form below.
9887	You can spin this anyway you want, but the fact remains he is still here illegally.
9888	You can stir the leaves into sauce, sprinkle them onto sandwiches, blend into pesto or give a rough chop to kick up even the most humdrum weekday salad.
9889	You can take an old house, and if you turn it into an office building, you have fluorescent ceiling lights.
9890	"You can't buy a break, it seems like right now, if you're driving a blue 27 car."
9891	You can tell it's a live performance-type record when you listen to it.
9892	“You can’t explain this.
9893	"You can't learn from a text book all the time, right?
9894	You can try the Pro version for free for 14 days, after which time, you'll have to decide whether to stick with Pro for $29.95 per year, or opt for Lite, which costs $11.95 annually.
9895	You can't take things at face value.
9896	You could assign the kid to it, but these robots will do the work without complaining.
9897	You could be featured in a CNN.com story.
9898	"You could cause harm, and you could cause a lot of expense, so it's important we set our criteria so we are detecting these small curable cancers but we aren't over-treating them," he said.
9899	You could literally watch them for hours," said Mark Kreindel, who captured this portrait.
9900	“You don’t get tight or you don’t get too loose for any of those types of games.”
9901	You don’t have time to miss her because you can’t stop thinking about her.
9902	You don’t know, and to say there could have been some intervention – I have no clue.
9903	You don't often hear much about John Krasinski and his wife, Emily Blunt.
9904	You even declare societies of mothers of fallen solders as enemy agents to keep them quiet.
9905	You get to know our heroine, and any jokes that are made from Donna’s situation come from a place of love and playfulness, making life work.”
9906	"You girls have never been attracted to me," Rodger says in the video, claiming to be frustrated that he is still a virgin in his college years.
9907	"You give up control for that money."
9908	You had achieved your first goal; namely, a frozen conflict that would destabilize Ukraine for years to come.
9909	“You have to be careful pressuring,” coach Marc Trestman said about the lack of blitzes.
9910	You have to be patient and see things happen as you go, eventually.
9911	You have to be punctual and other things.
9912	You have to inculcate them and make it clear that you won’t allow this fucked up behavior,” he said, “You can’t do it afterwards.
9913	You have to meet several conditions.
9914	You have to think about your fans.
9915	"You have to understand your practice sessions," he said.
9916	“You have to walk, bike it, or canoe it from community to community,” he says.
9917	You intelligibly show cognition about this subject and i have much to find out after reading your article.
9918	''You just try to focus on your game and what you have to do, and enjoy it, tell yourself that it's fun, because it is - when you're winning.'
9919	You kill someone in South Carolina, they'll kill you back.
9920	"You know if you're having a bad day and you just need to get out of the house, you know you're gonna go find other moms that understand and can commiserate with you and their kids are the same age," said instructor Lindsey Snodgrass.
9921	"You know, that's a pretty homophobic and kind of disgusting thing to say," he replied.
9922	You know, we put our faith in God and we like to share it with everybody.”
9923	You know you are playing against a team with the loudest fan base.
9924	You’ll find yourself champing at the bit to find the next book, recommending books to others, and buying them for friends and relatives.
9925	"You'll have better success finding jobs through who you know than what you know," Murphy says.
9926	You'll likely need the money.
9927	You'll need to bring bank statements, brokerage statements, W-2 forms, and tax returns.
9928	"You'll see that in his speeches, you'll see that in his national security strategies."
9929	You'll start with a stand up paddle lesson warmup, then anchor your board in the marina for some traditional yoga poses, and then finish things up with a cooldown paddle.
9930	You may also like these photo galleries: Last SlideNext Slide If you happen to be strolling along the Seine near the tip of the Île Saint-Louis in Paris this summer, you'll be startled by a strange soundtrack.
9931	You may call me a troll, but, this guy actually lives under a.bridge near you.
9932	You may enter without any obligation to social media accounts, though we may offer them as opportunities for extra entries.
9933	You might also find some great apps that you’ve never heard of before, such as Metapho, Screeny, Nuzzel and PCalc.
9934	You might even build a gym.
9935	You might know Ryan Lewis for his work with Macklemore on hit songs like "Thrift Shop" and "Can't Hold Us."
9936	You must be a member of the CBC News Community to upload.
9937	You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call!
9938	You must create an account to vote on panels, but you don't have to register for the festival to have your say.
9939	You need to include your name, address, contact information, the title of the project & the reason you are concerned (wildlife concerns, beauty of the forest, waste of timberland, hunting, hiking, environmental concerns, family homestead area).
9940	YouNews Elk suning it self in the morning sun.
9941	YouNews What was in the trunk?
9942	Younger grades, including the 13 juniors who did not go on the ferry, will return to school next week.
9943	"Younger people are more comfortable with the idea of people moving around and changing jobs a lot," says Roy Cohen, a career counselor and executive coach based in New York City.
9944	Young was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the murder charge, 20 years for attempted robbery and 15 years for burglary.
9945	Your $40 Firaxicon ticket gets you into the event, dinner and drinks during the "Firaxis Feast," and the aforementioned Firaxicon swag.
9946	Your attempts at practicing with him in the park have proven futile.
9947	Your blog entry was reviewed internally and as “Editor in Chief”, I felt that it didn’t meet some of our objectives.
9948	Your chances of getting shot coming out of a bar drunk are just as high as your chances of getting shot while walking your dog sober. to top that off, he's working for the state department and his job is to be on details that protect Heads of State.
9949	You're acting like a lunatic with this agenda of yours.
9950	“You’re doing it to make yourself feel better.”
9951	"You're going to see a lot of guys, if they're not too run down from a major championship, come out and play some pretty good golf the week following."
9952	“You’re not going to do it.
9953	Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated.
9954	YOUR TAKE: Share your weather photos West: Torrid conditions will scorch the Southwest and most of California.
9955	Your Turn: Start from the End READ MORE The Year's Best Hot Reads The New Year has kicked off and now is your moment to come up with step 3—what will make exercising fun for you?
9956	Yousafzai shares the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize with Kailash Satyarthi of India.
9957	You should also only download Android apps from the Google Play store — make sure that "Unknown sources" is unchecked in your security settings — and then only from legitimate developers.
9958	You should avoid companies with excessively high dividend yields.
9959	“You shouldn’t have bought your ticket on Orbitz,” Baldanza shoots back.
9960	You shouldn't regurgitate your application in the interview because the admissions committee is looking to learn more about you than it already knows.
9961	You simply have to ask: How would the enemy handle the same situation?
9962	You slow drivers stay out of the fast lane.
9963	Youssef Sidhom: We never expected that they will turn so fierce and vicious in their attacks.
9964	You start down a very slippery slope once you allow vigilantism from the police just because it seems like the guy deserved it.
9965	''You've got to give a little or take a little, whatever.
9966	“You’ve got to respect them, but at the same time, we have a chance to try to prove that we’re in the same sentence with Canada,’’ Blackhawks wing Patrick Kane said.
9967	You were obliged to work for someone," said Ag Artegal, adding that the Bella were free to leave if they wanted.
9968	You will be assigned a case where you could become the voice for that child.
9969	You will be upset.
9970	"You will have more power in a normal brand and maybe these people are willing to pay you a little more," says Nyeck.
9971	You will see crappier and crappier customer service as the wages go up not better customer service.
9972	“You won’t walk out of here knowing how to sign up your farm.”
9973	"Yup, little fat buddy, it dun looks like ol' Uncle Jesse stabbed hisself 87 times."
9974	Yup, those that said Tate’s production would be easy to replace look about as smart as a bag of hammers right now.
9975	Zambrano, a New York State Bureau of Narcotics enforcement agent, got into a tug of war with the woman when she wouldn't give it back, and bullets started flying.
9976	Zaydi theology is very different from the Shi'ism practised in Iran and most other parts of the Middle East, and the sect historically had good ties with Yemeni Sunnis.
9977	'Zero chance of survival' Two of the seven inside the car died at the scene.
9978	"ZERO-TOLERANCE" FOR CORRUPTION "There must be zero-tolerance for corruption.
9979	Zeus lost 50-pounds over the last several weeks and he still has some quills that need to be removed.
9980	Zhuravlyov is now pushing for a slightly watered down version that would deny custody to any parent who leaves a straight relationship to be gay.
9981	Zibanejad made the score 3-2 with 5:48 left in the second as he picked up his own rebound and banked it in off Yannick Weber, and then tied the score with 1:02 left in the period with a backhand past Lack.
9982	Zone 3 Fitness in Scarborough just started up aerial yoga in December.
9983	Zubair Khan, a 41-year-old Manhattan resident who lived in Greenwich Village, was the only person in the aircraft.
9984	Zuma refused, urging Thabane to re-open Parliament, resolve the crisis politically, then provided South African police security to the prime minister and other leaders who fled.
9985	Zuma's ruling African National Congress (ANC) won a slightly reduced majority in national elections earlier this month in the country's fifth post-apartheid elections.
9986	例:Many people have decided to boycott the company’s products due to its questionable practices.
9987	開始察覺到 (kai1 shi3 cha2 jue2 dao4) 例: The study woke us up to the importance of regular exercise.
